15% discount at the Team Store in Sutter Health Park

Complimentary MLB At Bat and MLB.TV * subscriptions

Invites to select A's season ticket member-only events

Dedicated membership experience representative

Access to presale tickets for select Sutter Health Park events

Access to presale for A's single game tickets

A's Postseason ticket opportunities

* Blackout and other restrictions apply. Blackout restrictions subject to change. High speed internet access is required. For more information, click here. For a full list of supported devices, visit mlb.tv/devices .

PAST SEASON TICKET MEMBER EVENTS

Want to see past event photos & videos? Check out past Season Ticket Member events here .

A look back at 2026 Member Events

From events at the ballpark to offsite gatherings, it's been an exciting year! The A's have had a great time celebrating with season ticket members and look forward to even more to come.

Season ticket members beat the heat with a fun-filled day of karting at Red Hawk Resort + Casino! Stomper stopped by to join the festivities and capped off the celebration with a delicious brunch.

The A’s rang in the new year with an exclusive season ticket member bowling event at Red Hawk Resort + Casino! Members enjoyed a morning on the lanes alongside special guests Brent Rooker, Jacob Wilson, Tyler Soderstrom, and Nick Kurtz.

If you are interested in attending any event, please reach out to your membership representative or look out for the Season Ticket Member Newsletter.

In January, season ticket members had a suite time with an exclusive suite night at a Sacramento Kings game! Members, Nick Kurtz, Jacob Wilson, Brent Rooker, and Tyler Soderstrom enjoyed an exciting evening of basketball in the city’s capital!

Season Members came together to cheer on the Green & Gold and celebrate the return of A’s baseball at our Opening Day Watch Party at The BLVD! Fans enjoyed an exciting afternoon filled with great company and exclusive giveaways handed out by Stomper himself.

If you are interested in attending any event, please reach out to your membership representative or look out for the Season Ticket Member Newsletter.

Back in May, the A's hosted an exclusive evening for Premium Season Members at Silt Winery. Guests enjoyed locally crafted wines, a delicious meal prepared by a local chef, and the opportunity to connect with fellow members. The evening also featured a special Chalk Talk with Ken Korach and Dave Stewart, followed by a one-of-a-kind raffle that made for a memorable night.

Throughout the season, Season Ticket Members were invited to exclusive Batting Practice visits before A's home games at the ballpark in West Sacramento. These experiences gave members the opportunity to watch batting practice from up close, meet A's players, and even take home a baseball or two.

As the A’s welcomed the team home from All-Star break, Season Members gathered in the Legacy Club, Sactown Smokehouse, and a private suite for exclusive meet and greets with former A’s manager, Bob Melvin! Guests had the opportunity to connect with Melvin, take photos, and enjoy a special montage celebrating his time with the Green & Gold. Some guests even received an official MLB baseball to commemorate the night.

If you are interested in attending any event, please reach out to your membership representative or look out for the Season Ticket Member Newsletter.

Q: What is the difference between premium season tickets and traditional season tickets?

A: Sutter Health Park is an unparalleled MLB setting – with all seats in the lower level. Premium season tickets are located in the clubs and premier seating locations, and include parking and complimentary food and beverage. Traditional season tickets secure your seats, while also gaining access to valuable membership perks that enhance your overall experience.

Q: Are there savings associated with A's season ticket memberships versus single game tickets?

A: Becoming a season ticket member ensures you lock in a fixed price now for all 2027 A's regular-season games in Sacramento. Single-game tickets will be subject to dynamic pricing and subject to availability.

Q: What are the payment options for season tickets?

A: We offer a flexible offseason four-payment plan with installments scheduled September-March.

Q: Are food and beverage included in 2027 season ticket plans?

A: Premium Season Ticket packages include complimentary food and beverage.

Q: Will I be able to exchange tickets from my season membership for alternate games?

A: If you are unable to attend a game, you can easily forward your tickets using the MLB Ballpark App or list them for resell directly through SeatGeek, the official fan-to-fan ticket marketplace of Major League Baseball. Members can also donate tickets (fully tax deductible) to local Veterans via MyTickets account.

Q: How do I access my 2027 Season tickets?

A: 2027 Season tickets will be delivered via the MLB Ballpark app before the season.

Q: Will I receive benefits as an A's season ticket member?

A: Yes, members will enjoy benefits such as merchandise discounts, exclusive member-only events, one year of MLB.TV *, a dedicated membership concierge, and guaranteed seating for every 2027 A's regular-season game at Sutter Health Park. In addition, you are locking in your ticket price for the entire 2027 season.

Q: Will I receive priority for my seats for postseason games?

A: All 2027 A's season ticket members will have priority purchase access to postseason tickets. Exact seat locations and number of games available for purchase will be determined at a later date.

Q: Will I receive access or priority to other events at Sutter Health Park?

A: A's season ticket members will have the option to participate in pre-sale opportunities for select events at Sutter Health Park. Tickets for River Cats games and other events will require an additional purchase.

Q: Which seating offers the most shade?

A: Most of our evening games will have shaded seating across the ballpark. Seats on the third base side are most likely to be shaded first during evening games, though some seats may still get sun depending on the game's timing.

Q: At what age is a ticket required for entrance?

A: Guests two-years and older are required to have a ticket for entrance to Sutter Health Park.

Q: Who do I contact with questions about my 2027 Season Tickets?

A: Please email tickets@sutterhealthpark.com or call (916) 371-HITS (4487) with any questions.

Q: Where can I find my Season Ticket Auto Renew Agreement?

A: You can find your Season Ticket Auto Renew Agreement at athletics.com/agreement .