You understand that by selecting to purchase your A-List Membership using Green Light Renewal, you agree to the following terms and conditions (as they may be amended from time to time in the Braves' sole and absolute discretion):

By selecting the Green Light Renewal, you acknowledge that your season tickets will automatically renew for each successive season, unless you cancel your A-List membership or opt-out of Green Light Renewal by providing written notice to the Braves at alistmember@braves.com or to your individual membership services representative on or before the renewal deadline the year prior to the season subject to renewal. For example, to cancel your A-List Membership or opt-out of Green Light Renewal for the 2026 baseball season, your cancellation or opt-out must be received by the Braves on or before the August 28, 2025 renewal deadline.

Green Light Renewal is eligible for all Full Season and Twenty-Seven (27) game Partial Season A-List Memberships.

All sales are final, no refunds.

Your purchase will be payable in, and you will be charged, installment payments that are due on the Payment Dates set forth in the Payment Schedule available at the time of purchase.

You may make Payment Schedule changes after your time of purchase according to the Braves' current payment plan schedule dates, which will be communicated on the Braves' website located at braves.com/member . Braves renewal members' payment schedule can be found at braves.com/member and selecting "2026 Membership Renewals". Braves new 2026 Members can find a payment schedule by logging into their account at braves.com/myaccount and clicking "My Invoices". Inquiries on payment schedules can be made directly to the Braves at alistmember@braves.com .

Braves renewal members' payment schedule can be found at braves.com/member and selecting "2026 Membership Renewals".

Braves new 2026 Members can find a payment schedule by logging into their account at braves.com/myaccount and clicking "My Invoices".

Inquiries on payment schedules can be made directly to the Braves at alistmember@braves.com .

Renewals associated with a subsequent season may have a higher price than the current season or a prior season. All information about any changes to A-List Memberships, including the prices of each subsequent season's renewal, will be communicated to you at least thirty (30) days prior to the renewal deadline.

Multiple notices will be communicated about the renewal deadline and any material changes to these Green Light Renewal terms and conditions, including but not limited to, via mail and via email.

Opting out of Green Light Renewal will cause you to lose your seating location(s). If you would like to renew seats after opting out, you must join the Braves A-List Season Ticket Waitlist. Notwithstanding the forgoing, you acknowledge that the Braves may still contact you about the following season's A-List Membership options.

Opting out of your Green Light Renewal may cause you to lose certain members-only benefits (e.g. higher pricing on renewal, and access to fewer special events, festivities, and benefits).

Current credit cards and contact information must be kept on file by the Braves and any changes communicated to the Braves in a timely fashion. If you have not opted-out of Green Light Renewal, your credit card on file will be charged for your A-List Membership renewal. You acknowledge and agree to notify us immediately if any of your credit card or contact information changes. Accounts that are two (2) or more payments behind will be at risk of losing their seating location(s) for the following season. Accounts that are not up to date on payments by the start of Major League Baseball's official Opening Day of the next season may have their ticket account management frozen.

Accounts that are two (2) or more payments behind will be at risk of losing their seating location(s) for the following season.

Accounts that are not up to date on payments by the start of Major League Baseball's official Opening Day of the next season may have their ticket account management frozen.

Once a purchase is made, the ticket holder purchaser whose credit card is on file with the Braves is responsible for all payments until the next renewal period (i.e. the next season). If the purchase was made on behalf of a company or corporation, then the company or corporation is responsible for maintaining active card on file and applicable contact information until the next renewal period.

Because we will be providing you with notices from time to time under these Green Light Renewal Terms and Conditions, it is important that we maintain your current contact information. You acknowledge and agree to notify us immediately if any of your contact information changes. Companies and corporations are responsible for notifying us of any changes to applicable contact information.

New and updated contact information will be subject to a verification process.

All A-List Members must be eighteen (18) years of age or older. Limit one (1) Membership per household.

Any member found engaging in excessive resale of their tickets may have their seat privileges revoked for the 2026 Postseason and/or the 2027 season, as evaluated and decided in the Braves' sole discretion. Resale activity will be checked before 2026 Postseason seats are available and at the end of the 2026 regular season. Excessive resale for the 2026 season is defined to include any one of the following: Resale activity above 50% for your total season ticket allotment or any single seat within your plan above 50%. This applies to all season tickets and parking plans. Additional single game tickets and parking purchased for the purpose of reselling: If three (3) or more games of additional single game tickets or parking are resold, your account will go under review. If five (5) or more games of additional single game tickets or parking are resold, 2026 Postseason and 2027 season seat privileges will be revoked. Group tickets, specialty ticket packages, or parking purchased for the purpose of reselling: If more than 30% of any group tickets, specialty ticket packages, and/or parking purchased are resold, 2026 Postseason and 2027 season seat privileges will be revoked. Transferring tickets to friends, family, and business partners does not count against your resale percentage. However, if transferred tickets are resold by the recipient, your resale percentage will be directly impacted. Additional game tickets and parking that are procured through the ticket exchange program should not be resold. Violation of the A-List Member Ticket Exchange Program may result in seat privileges being revoked. Information about the A-List Member Ticket Exchange Program can be found at braves.com/exchanges .

Resale activity above 50% for your total season ticket allotment or any single seat within your plan above 50%. This applies to all season tickets and parking plans.

Additional single game tickets and parking purchased for the purpose of reselling: If three (3) or more games of additional single game tickets or parking are resold, your account will go under review. If five (5) or more games of additional single game tickets or parking are resold, 2026 Postseason and 2027 season seat privileges will be revoked.

Group tickets, specialty ticket packages, or parking purchased for the purpose of reselling: If more than 30% of any group tickets, specialty ticket packages, and/or parking purchased are resold, 2026 Postseason and 2027 season seat privileges will be revoked.

Transferring tickets to friends, family, and business partners does not count against your resale percentage. However, if transferred tickets are resold by the recipient, your resale percentage will be directly impacted.

Additional game tickets and parking that are procured through the ticket exchange program should not be resold. Violation of the A-List Member Ticket Exchange Program may result in seat privileges being revoked. Information about the A-List Member Ticket Exchange Program can be found at braves.com/exchanges .

All A-List Members shall be bound by and shall observe the terms and conditions upon which tickets for admission to Truist Park have been issued for each game or event including, without limitation, policies with respect to ticket holder behavior and the cancellation or postponement of a game or event, and agree to observe all rules, regulations, policies, and procedures, which may be adapted from time to time. Any members failing to do abide by such terms, conditions, rules, regulations, policies, and/or procedures may have their A-List membership and/or seat privileges revoked.

All A-List Members acknowledge and agree that the Braves may revoke and/or elect not to renew any A-List Membership in its sole and absolute discretion.

You understand that by selecting to purchase your A-List Membership using Green Light Renewal, you agree to the following terms and conditions (as they may be amended from time to time in the Braves’ sole and absolute discretion):

By selecting the Green Light Renewal, you acknowledge that your season tickets will automatically renew for each successive season, unless you cancel your A-List membership or opt-out of Green Light Renewal by providing written notice to the Braves at alistmember@braves.com or to your individual membership services representative on or before the renewal deadline the year prior to the season subject to renewal. For example, to cancel your A-List Membership or opt-out of Green Light Renewal for the 2027 baseball season, your cancellation or opt-out must be received by the Braves on or before the July 29, 2026 renewal deadline. There will not be an additional opt-out period provided by the Braves for the 2027 baseball season.

All Full Season and Twenty-Seven (27) game Partial Season A-List Memberships are eligible for Green Light Renewal.

By tendering a payment to the Atlanta Braves, signing up for an A-List Membership account, accepting tickets, and/or redeeming any tickets for admission to any Atlanta Braves baseball game, A-List Membership account holders expressly agree to be bound by these terms and conditions.

All ticket sales are final; there are no refunds or cancellations.

Your purchase will be payable, and you will be charged, in installment payments that are due on the Payment Dates set forth in the Payment Schedule available at the time of purchase.

You may make Payment Schedule changes after your time of purchase according to the Braves’ current payment plan schedule dates, which will be communicated on the Braves’ website located at braves.com/member .

Braves renewal members’ payment schedule can be found at braves.com/member and selecting “2027 Membership Renewals”.

Braves new 2027 Members can find a payment schedule by logging into their account at braves.com/myaccount and clicking “My Invoices”.

Inquiries on payment schedules can be made directly to the Braves at alistmember@braves.com .

Renewals associated with a subsequent season may have a higher price than the current season or a prior season. All information about any changes to A-List Memberships, including the prices of each subsequent season’s renewal, will be communicated to you at least thirty (30) days prior to the renewal deadline.

Multiple notices will be communicated about the renewal deadline and any material changes to these Green Light Renewal terms and conditions, including but not limited to, via mail and via email.

Opting out of Green Light Renewal will cause you to lose your seating location(s). If you would like to renew seats after opting out of Green Light Renewal, you must join the Braves A-List Season Ticket Waitlist. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you acknowledge that the Braves may still contact you about the following season’s A-List Membership options.

Opting out of Green Light Renewal may cause you to lose certain members-only benefits (e.g. higher pricing on renewal, and access to fewer special events, festivities, and benefits).

Current credit cards and contact information must be kept on file by the Braves. You acknowledge and agree to notify the Braves immediately if there are any changes to such credit cards and/or contact information. If you have not opted-out of Green Light Renewal, your credit card on file will be charged for your A-List Membership renewal.

Accounts that are two (2) or more payments behind will be at risk of losing their seating location(s) for the following season.

Accounts that are not up to date on payments by the start of Major League Baseball’s official Opening Day of the next season may have their ticket account management frozen.

Once a purchase is made, the ticket holder purchaser whose credit card is on file with the Braves is responsible for all payments until the next renewal period (i.e. the next season). If the purchase was made on behalf of a company or corporation, then the company or corporation is responsible for maintaining an active credit card on file and applicable contact information until the next renewal period.

Because we will be providing you with notices from time to time under these Green Light Renewal Terms and Conditions, it is important that we maintain your current contact information. You acknowledge and agree to notify us immediately if any of your contact information changes. Companies, corporations, and/or business entities acknowledge and agree that they are responsible for notifying us of any changes to applicable contact information at such company, corporation, and/or business entity.

New and updated contact information will be subject to a verification process.

All A-List Members must be eighteen (18) years of age or older. Limit one (1) Membership per household.

Any member found engaging in excessive resale of their tickets or parking passes may have their seat and/or parking privileges revoked for the 2027 Postseason and/or the 2028 season, as evaluated and decided in the Braves’ sole discretion. Resale activity will be checked before 2027 Postseason seats and parking passes are available and at the end of the 2027 regular season. Excessive resale for the 2027 season is defined to include any one of the following:

Resale activity above 50% for your total season ticket and/or season parking pass allotment or any single seat within your plan above 50%. This applies to all season tickets and season parking plans.

Additional single game tickets and additional parking passes purchased that are resold: If three (3) or more games of additional single game tickets or parking passes are resold, your account will go under review. If five (5) or more games of additional single game tickets or parking passes are resold, 2027 Postseason and 2028 season seat and season parking privileges will be revoked.

Added group tickets, specialty ticket packages, and/or individual parking passes purchased that are resold: If more than 30% of any added group tickets, specialty ticket packages, and/or individual parking passes purchased are resold, 2027 Postseason and 2028 season seat and season parking privileges will be revoked.

Transferring tickets and/or parking passes to friends, family, and business partners does not count against your resale percentage. However, if transferred tickets and/or transferred parking passes are resold by the recipient, your resale percentage will be directly impacted.

Additional game tickets and parking passes that are procured through the ticket exchange program should not be resold. Violation of the A-List Member Ticket Exchange Program may result in seat and/or parking privileges being revoked. Information about the A-List Member Ticket Exchange Program can be found at braves.com/exchanges .

All A-List Members shall be bound by and shall observe the terms and conditions upon which tickets for admission to Truist Park have been issued for each game or event including, without limitation, policies with respect to ticket holder behavior and the cancellation or postponement of a game or event, and agree to observe all rules, regulations, policies, and procedures, which may be adopted from time to time. Any members failing to do abide by such terms, conditions, rules, regulations, policies, and/or procedures may have their A-List membership and/or seat privileges revoked.

All A-List Members acknowledge and agree that the Braves may revoke and/or elect not to renew any A-List Membership in its sole and absolute discretion.