By committing to your 2026 St. Louis Cardinals Season Tickets, you agree to this St. Louis Cardinals Season Ticket Account Policy. A summary of some of the major elements of the Policy are:

📊 Annual Resale Limit: Season Ticket Holders may not list or sell more than 60% of the individual tickets their season ticket package for the year. Exceeding this limit may be considered commercial activity and may result in ticket cancellation.

📊 Annual Resale Limit: Season Ticket Holders may not list or sell more than 60% of the individual tickets their season ticket package for the year. Exceeding this limit may be considered commercial activity and may result in ticket cancellation.

🚫 Non-Permitted Transfers: Season Ticket Holders may not transfer tickets in a prohibited manner. The following ticket transfers that are prohibited:

🚫 Non-Permitted Transfers: Season Ticket Holders may not transfer tickets in a prohibited manner. The following ticket transfers that are prohibited:

Selling tickets in or outside Busch Stadium or Ballpark Village;

Selling tickets in or outside Busch Stadium or Ballpark Village;

Listing tickets on non-authorized ticket marketplaces; (Only approved ticket marketplaces, such as SeatGeek, are allowed);

Listing tickets on non-authorized ticket marketplaces; (Only approved ticket marketplaces, such as SeatGeek, are allowed);

Any resale of tickets that violates the conditions of the original ticket purchase or involves unauthorized ticket brokers.

Any resale of tickets that violates the conditions of the original ticket purchase or involves unauthorized ticket brokers.

🤖 Use of Automated Tools: Use of software or bots to automatically list or adjust ticket prices on any platform is strictly prohibited.

🤖 Use of Automated Tools: Use of software or bots to automatically list or adjust ticket prices on any platform is strictly prohibited.

🚩 Account Limit: Season Ticket Holders may control only twelve (12) season ticket seats, whether in the same account or over multiple accounts, even if those accounts are under different names of affiliate individuals and/or organizations.

🚩 Account Limit: Season Ticket Holders may control only twelve (12) season ticket seats, whether in the same account or over multiple accounts, even if those accounts are under different names of affiliate individuals and/or organizations.

✅ What Is Allowed: Sharing tickets with family, friends, or for charity is okay and considered a permitted transfer. Additionally, selling or listing less than 60% of your season tickets through an authorized ticket marketplace is permitted.

✅ What Is Allowed: Sharing tickets with family, friends, or for charity is okay and considered a permitted transfer. Additionally, selling or listing less than 60% of your season tickets through an authorized ticket marketplace is permitted.

We're making these updates to protect the value and experience of our Season Ticket Holders. By limiting large-scale reselling and unauthorized transfers, we’re ensuring that tickets stay in the hands of real fans and that our most loyal supporters continue to receive the benefits they deserve. For additional details, please see below or contact your Account Executive.

The full terms and conditions of the Policy are set out below:

By committing to your 2026 St. Louis Cardinals Season Tickets, you agree to this St. Louis Cardinals Season Ticket Account Policy (the “Policy”). The Policy applies to all Accounts (defined below) of purchaser(s) (each, a “Season Ticket Holder”) maintained with St. Louis Cardinals, LLC (the “Club”) and any Season Tickets (defined below) that may be purchased by such Season Ticket Holder. By tendering a payment to the Club, creating the Account, accepting Tickets (defined below), and/or redeeming any Tickets for admission to any St. Louis Cardinals baseball game associated with such Account, Season Ticket Holder expressly agrees to be bound by this Policy, as set forth below:

As provided in accordance with the applicable Season Tickets, each ticket to a St. Louis Cardinals baseball game or a Non-Regular Season Event (defined below) (each a “Ticket” or, collectively, the “Tickets”) is a limited, revocable license (the “Revocable License”) granted by the Club to attend the baseball game or events at Busch Stadium or any other venue in which the Club’s home games may be played (collectively, the “Venue”) listed on the applicable Ticket. For purposes of this Policy, Tickets may include any parking pass separately purchased or included as part of a Ticket package and/or a Ticket to a Non-Regular Season Event (defined below). All Tickets and each person using a Ticket purchased pursuant to this Policy will be subject to the ticket terms and conditions printed on or digitally embedded in each such Ticket, which terms may be found at https://cardinals.com/ticketback , or such other terms and conditions that may be applicable to a Ticket to a Non-Regular Season Event. All Tickets are provided to Season Ticket Holder hereunder for Season Ticket Holder’s direct use and enjoyment, and not for purposes of engaging in an enterprise of Ticket resell or any Broker Activity (defined below) or any other purpose.

a. The defined term “Account” means the account by which the Club maintains a record of transactions with a Season Ticket Holder and in accordance with which a Season Ticket Holder is entitled to purchase the Season Tickets, which may be formed by written agreement or enrollment by Season Ticket Holder, as applicable, and is subject to renewal by Season Ticket Holder upon satisfaction of all conditions for renewal established by the applicable account agreement and/or this Policy.

b. The defined term “Invoice” means the Ticket sale invoice provided to the Season Ticket Holder (whether electronically or otherwise) by the Club (the “Invoice”) defining the location of the Tickets, the game package of Tickets, setting forth the price for the package of Tickets and any additional terms of the Ticket sale.

c. The defined term “Regular Season” means the series of St. Louis Cardinals baseball games in the same calendar year that are played in St. Louis, Missouri, in which the St. Louis Cardinals is the home baseball club, as determined by the Office of the Commissioner of Baseball, expressly excluding Non-Regular Season Events and special events that may be played in other cities, whether or not the St. Louis Cardinals are designated as the home club of such competition.

d. The defined term “Season Ticket” means series of Tickets for all or part of the St. Louis Cardinals baseball games during the applicable Regular Season as specified on the Invoice.

e. The initial issue of Tickets under the Account will be a final sale, and Season Ticket Holder is not entitled to any refunds or exchanges as a right; provided, however, any action by the Club to the contrary shall not be construed as a waiver of anything set forth in this Policy and/or the Ticket Terms. This Policy will be subject to any terms and conditions to the contrary in any active Account agreement under which the Season Ticket Holder is in good standing.

f. Only the Season Ticket Holder of record is allowed to manage, request changes to the Account and/or communicate with the Club about such Account. Season Ticket Holders should contact the Club by mail, email, or phone if contact information of the person authorized to manage the Account changes. The Club reserves the right to require a Season Ticket Holder to provide proof of identity and authorization to act before making any Account changes.

g. As set forth in this Policy, the Club may terminate any Account for cause, or the Account may terminate upon Season Ticket Holder’s election not to satisfy all applicable requirements for renewal.

3. Deposits and Payment Authorization; Refunds

The purchase of Season Tickets pursuant to this Policy may require Season Ticket Holder to place a non-refundable/non-transferable deposit (“Deposit”) in an amount determined by the Club and as set forth in the Invoice. By placing a Deposit with a credit card or debit card, or paying for Season Tickets with a credit card or debit card, a Season Ticket Holder authorizes the Club to charge the credit card or debit card account identified or provided by the Season Ticket Holder, or any substitute credit card or debit card account that Season Ticket Holder may later provide for the Deposit and/or Season Tickets. Season Ticket Holder further authorizes the Club to issue any applicable Ticket refunds to the credit or debit card used for the original purchase of such Ticket(s).

Certain Accounts may be eligible to receive benefits, experiences, and/or discounts (“Benefits”), in addition to the applicable Season Tickets. Such Benefits may include, without limitation, preferential renewal pricing, preferential Ticket exchange options, pre-sale priority, discounts to the Club team shop, elimination of certain fees, preferential upgrade activities, and other additional Benefits as may be determined by the Club. Eligibility for Benefits may vary depending on, among other things, Season Ticket Holder’s seating location, membership type, number of Tickets purchased per game, membership Account status, and Season Ticket Holder tenure. Determinations about Benefits and the Accounts that qualify for such Benefits are at the sole discretion of the Club. Benefits and/or membership rights may be modified, revoked, or terminated by the Club, as to any Account, at any time and for any reason, without compensation of any kind to the Season Ticket Holder.

The Club will assign a representative to assist Season Ticket Holder with the administration of the Account; provided, however, Club reserves the right to limit or restrict access, in whole or in part, in accordance with this Policy. Access to any such Account representative will be as determined by Club, in Club’s sole discretion, and may include, without limitation, telephone and electronic mail. Club may, in Club’s sole discretion, from time to time respond to requests from Season Ticket Holders to adjust individual Tickets within the Season Ticket, including, without limitation, agreeing the request for relocations of specific Tickets, issuing paper tickets, or any other action not expressly provided in this Policy or the Ticket Terms; provided, however, any such action of Club or an Account representative to accommodate a Season Ticket Holder’s request will be at the Club’s sole and exclusive discretion in each instance and shall not be construed as Club’s waiver of any terms of this Policy or the Ticket Terms.

When Club offers a Season Ticket Holder access to an Account representative, the continuation of any such access is subject to the Season Ticket Holder’s (or Season Ticket Holder’s authorized representative’s(’)) engagement with such Account representative in a reasonable, courteous, respectful and honest manner. The failure of Season Ticket Holder (or Season Ticket Holder’s authorized representative(s)) to comply with the requirements of this section, including any form of abuse, threats, insults, mistreatment or hostility, may result, in Club’s discretion, in the suspension of access to a Club representative and will be a cause for termination in accordance with Section 10.

a. Accounts shall not be assigned or transferred in any manner, whether in whole or in part, voluntarily or by gift, bequest, or operation of law, by a Season Ticket Holder to any other person or entity without the consent of the Club.

b. Upon the incapacitation or death of a Season Ticket Holder, the Club will only communicate with and take instructions from a lawfully appointed personal representative or trustee. Club reserves the right to request documentation supporting any claim of right of an individual to act for the incapacitated or deceased Season Ticket Holder, and any individual claiming to be a lawfully appointed representative of trustee must comply with all requests from Club to verify the lawful authority to manage the Account and/or Season Tickets.

c. In the event of any purported transfer, offer of transfer, or attempted transfer of an Account that is not expressly permitted under this Policy or a separate written agreement between Season Ticket Holder and the Club, the Club has the right to terminate the applicable Account and/or cancel any applicable Tickets.

a. Tickets shall not be resold or offered for resale in a manner or at a price (i) in violation of any existing law, policy, or regulation, or (ii) contrary to the terms and conditions of this Policy.

b. Absent the prior written consent from the Club, Tickets obtained by a Season Ticket Holder shall not be used for advertising, promotion (including contests and sweepstakes), or for other trade or commercial purposes, unless expressly permitted by Club in a separate written agreement.

c. Subject to the Club's right to terminate the Revocable License granted by applicable Tickets, Season Tickets are offered for the specific Regular Season(s) indicated on the Invoice.

d. Except as may be expressly set forth in a separate written agreement, if applicable, (i) an Account does not entitle a Season Ticket Holder, or other holder of a Ticket for a particular seat or seating area in any subsequent seasons and only permits access to such seats or areas for the designated season(s) on the Invoice, such access at all times subject to the rights of the Club as set forth in this Policy, and (ii) the Club expressly reserves the right to offer Season Ticket Holder Tickets in an alternative location, as determined by the Club, during a future season, at the Club’s sole and exclusive discretion.

e. The Club reserves the right to cancel Tickets for any reason, in the sole discretion of the Club, which, if such cancellation is made without cause, Season Ticket Holder will solely be entitled to a refund of the original cost of the Ticket to the Season Ticket Holder as determined by the Club, and the Club’s maximum liability to Season Ticket Holder shall not exceed such amount.

8. Limitations and Transfer Restrictions

a. As used in this Policy, the following defined terms shall apply:

i. “Affiliate” is a defined term for any individual, group or legal entity to which Season Ticket Holder shares common ownership, maintains common or affiliated Accounts, alter egos, shares credentials, or, for which the Club, in the Club’s sole and exclusive determination, engages in coordinated Ticket transfer activity with Season Ticket Holder, whether or not such conduct is Broker Activity.

ii. “ ATM ” is a defined term for the Club’s authorized secondary ticket marketplace(s) that will be specifically designated and/or accessible at cardinals.com or identified by the Club through other channels or means.

iii. “ Broker ” is a defined term for any individual or entity who engages in Broker Activity, as determined by the Club in the Club’s sole discretion.

iv. “ Broker Activity ” is a defined term for any activity that indicates, as determined by the Club in the Club’s sole discretion, to resell the Ticket, with or without realization of Excess Value, in a commercial manner that is inconsistent with personal, non-commercial use, which may include, without limitation, one or more of the following activities: (i) the sale or attempted sale or listing for sale of a Ticket on multiple ATMs (or any other secondary ticket marketplace), (ii) Licensee’s engaging in the sale or attempted sale or listing for sale of the Ticket in an ATM (or any other secondary ticket marketplace) account that also lists tickets associated with multiple venues, (iii) Licensee’s utilization of software or other technology or tactics to allow automated listing and price adjustments of the Ticket on an ATM (or any other secondary ticket marketplace), (iv) the listing for sale, sale or attempted sale through any ATM (or any other secondary ticket marketplace) of any Ticket associated with an Account in which over sixty percent (60%) of the total inventory of Tickets have been listed for sale or sold, (v) engaging in a frequency of listing and/or Transfers inconsistent with personal, non-commercial activities, (vi) engaging in Transfers to third-parties that are commercial ticket resellers, and (vii) Transfers to or other coordination with affiliates to market the Ticket via an ATM or otherwise.

v. “ Event Host ” is a defined term for the Club or, in the case of a Non-Regular Season Event, another entity that issues a Ticket.

vi. “ Excess Value ” is a defined term for the monetary value derived from the Resale of Ticket in excess of (i) the Original Distribution Price and (ii) the fees charged to the Licensee by the ATM in connection with such Resale transaction.

vii. “ License Revocation ” is a defined term for any of the following actions by the Event Host, which the Event Host may take without prior notice to any Licensee: (i) termination of the Revocable License granted by the Ticket, including, without limitation, deactivation, cancellation or revocation of the Ticket, (ii) the seizure, cancellation or refusal to accept the Ticket without refund or other compensation, and/or (iii) termination of the Revocable License granted for all Tickets that are controlled by or affiliated with such Licensee or individuals/entities determined by the Club to be associated with such Licensee, or in the case of Broker Activity, any Tickets associated with such Broker Activity, each (items (i) through (iii), above) without refund or other compensation.

viii. “ Licensee ” is a defined term that means Season Ticket Holder, anyone holding a Ticket on behalf of Season Ticket Holder or anyone who holds a Ticket by virtue of a Non-Permitted Transfer.

ix. “ Non-Permitted Transfer ” is a defined term for a Transfer specifically prohibited or determined by the Club to be unauthorized under these Ticket Transfer Restrictions.

x. “ Original Distribution ” is a defined term for the original sale or other distribution of the Ticket by the Club to the Original Licensee.

xi. “Original Distribution Conditions” is a defined term for any special restriction that the Event Host places on the Original Distribution not specifically enumerated in this Policy, including, without limitation: (i) terms that mandate or prescribe the quantity of tickets available to be purchased and (ii) terms restricting the resale or transfer of Tickets.

xii. “ Original Distribution Price ” is a defined term for the price established when such Ticket was first sold or distributed to the Original Licensee by the Club and/or MLB or any other Event Host, including any inclusive tax, service or convenience fees/charges charged by the Club.

xiii. “Original Licensee” is a defined term for the first Licensee to which the Event Host delivers or distributes the Ticket.

xiv. “ Permitted Transfer ” is a defined term for a Transfer that is authorized by or specifically exempted from these Ticket Transfer Restrictions.

xv. “ Resale ”, “ Resell ” or “ Reselling ” is a defined term for any Transfer of Ticket, directly or indirectly, in exchange for money or any other thing of value.

xvi. “ Ticket Transfer Restrictions ” means restrictions on transfers of Tickets by Season Ticket Holder or others as set forth in this Policy.

xvii. “ Transfer(s) ” is a defined term for any transfer of possession or right to use of the Ticket by a Licensee to a third party (in each instance whether such third party is a person or entity).

b. A Season Ticket Holder and each of Season Ticket Holder’s Affiliates, cumulatively, may not control more than twelve (12) Season Tickets per Regular Season.

c. Tickets may not be resold or offered for resale at the Venue.

d. Notwithstanding anything in this Policy to the contrary, expressed or implied, no offer to resell or resale of any Ticket is permitted to the extent such offer or resale is prohibited by any applicable federal, state, or local law or regulation.

e. Season Ticket Holder expressly acknowledges and agrees that the Event Host issues Tickets to the Original Licensee for the purpose of permitting the Original Licensee or any subsequent holder receiving the Ticket through a Permitted Transfer (defined below) to attend the baseball game or other event to which the Revocable License of such Ticket applies and not for any other purposes, including, without limitation, for the Original Licensee to attempt to realize Excess Value through any enterprise. As such, Season Ticket Holder acknowledges that non-permitted Transfers of Tickets may terminate the Revocable License granted for the usage of the Ticket or constitute a basis for the seizure or cancellation of the Ticket without refund or other compensation.

f. By the acceptance, possession or use of a Ticket, Season Ticket Holder acknowledges and agrees that each of the following are a Non-Permitted Transfer and will be cause for the Event Host to exercise a License Revocation and/or termination in accordance with Section 10 of this Policy:

i. Any Broker Activity involving Ticket, as determined in the sole discretion of the Club, is a Non-Permitted Transfer unless specifically approved by the Club;

ii. Any Resale or attempted Resale of Ticket on a publicly available, secondary ticket marketplace other than an ATM;

iii. Any Resale or attempted Resale of Ticket at the Venue; or

iv. Any Resale or attempted Resale of Ticket in a manner that is not permitted under the Original Distribution Conditions (including, without limitation, via an ATM).

g. Any Resale or attempted Resale of Ticket by a Licensee on a publicly available, secondary ticket marketplace shall occur exclusively on an ATM. For the avoidance of doubt with respect to the application of these Ticket Transfer Restrictions, the following are considered to be Permitted Transfers:

i. Ticket Transfer activity involving the exchange of Ticket among family members, friends, or ticket partnership groups without realizing Excess Value, regardless of the frequency of the Transfers.

ii. Ticket Transfer activity connected with the use of Ticket for any charitable or non-profit purpose that has been previously disclosed to the Club.

iii. The Resale of Ticket on an ATM where the purpose for the sale, as determined by the Club in its sole discretion, was unrelated to Broker Activity and not otherwise prohibited by this Policy.

h. Notwithstanding the provisions of these Ticket Transfer Restrictions with respect to Broker Activity, certain Licensees may be permitted to engage in Broker Activity. If a Licensee is permitted by the Club to engage in Broker Activity, the Licensee and all other parties deemed necessary by the Club (collectively the “ Broker Parties ”) must agree to be bound by certain additional terms and conditions to be set forth in a separate agreement, in writing, between the Club, Season Ticket Holder and the Broker Parties.

i. Club reserves all rights to monitor ticket Resale and Broker Activity and enforce these policies accordingly, including, without limitation, termination of the Season Ticket Holder’s Account or cancellation or some or all Tickets associated with any such Season Ticket Holder’s Account. Season Ticket Holder acknowledges and understands that Season Ticket Holder will be responsible for the conduct of any Affiliate that is contrary to this Policy and Club has the right under this Policy to terminate Season Ticket Holder’s account on the basis of the conduct of an Affiliate.

9. Post-Season and Special Events

a. The purchase of Regular Season Tickets does not entitle any Season Ticket Holder to tickets for any National League Wild Card Game(s), National League Division Series (“NLDS”), National League Championship Series (“NLCS”), World Series, or any other Major League Baseball games conducted during or after the applicable Regular Season (collectively, “Post-Season Games”), exhibition games, or other events held at the Venue (collectively, with Post-Season Games, “Non-Regular Season Events”); provided, however, the Club may, in its sole discretion, offer tickets to a Season Ticket Holder for Non-Regular Season Events, subject to applicable terms and conditions.

b. All Non-Regular Season Events shall be subject to the terms of this Policy, any rules set forth by Major League Baseball (“MLB”) or the applicable Non-Regular Season Event promoter, or any other additional terms and conditions adopted for the Non-Regular Season Event.

c. If the Club is authorized by MLB to issue tickets for Post-Season Games, eligible Season Ticket Holders may be entitled to purchase tickets for Post-Season Games in accordance with rules and regulations adopted by the Club and/or MLB directly attributable to tickets for Post-Season Games and made available to such eligible Season Ticket Holder following MLB authorization to issue tickets (“Post-Season Regulations”).

d. Not all Accounts, including Broker Accounts, may be eligible for priority seating or tickets for Post-Season Games. All terms and conditions that apply to Tickets, including those contained in this Policy as specified in the Post-Season Regulations, shall apply to tickets for Post-Season Games purchased by eligible Season Ticket Holders.

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Policy, Season Ticket Holder acknowledges and agrees that the Revocable License for all Tickets held within an Account as well as the Account itself may be terminated by the Club at any time, in the sole discretion of the Club, when cause for termination exists under this Policy. Cause for termination of a Revocable License and/or Account includes, without limitation: (i) failure of Season Ticket Holder to comply with the terms of this Policy, (ii) failure of Season Ticket Holder to comply with the Ticket Terms and Conditions and/or rules of the Venue, to which the Club reserves the right to modify or change from time to time. If the Club determines cause exists to terminate a Revocable License and/or Account, the Club may terminate such Revocable License and/or Account at any time without providing prior written notification to Season Ticket Holder. If such termination, as determined by the Club in its sole discretion, is the result of a material breach of the terms and conditions of this Policy, the Season Ticket Holder shall not be entitled to any refund, return of fees, future credit, or damages of any kind.

11. Dispute Resolution and Arbitration

a. In consideration for being allowed to hold an Account and purchase Season Tickets, each Season Ticket Holder agrees that ALL DISPUTES, CLAIMS OR CONTROVERSIES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE PURCHASE, SALE OR USE OF TICKETS TO THE VENUE OR ATTENDANCE AT EVENTS AT THE VENUE SHALL BE RESOLVED EXCLUSIVELY THROUGH BINDING ARBITRATION before a single arbitrator appointed by JAMS in accordance with its then-existing comprehensive arbitration rules and procedures.

b. Season Ticket Holder and the Club agree to WAIVE ALL RIGHTS TO A TRIAL BY JURY in any action or proceeding involving any claim regarding the Tickets and/or this Policy.

c. Any claim arising under this Policy shall be governed by the laws of the State of Missouri. The arbitration shall be held in St. Louis, Missouri, and judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered by any court having jurisdiction thereof.

d. Season Ticket Holder and the Club agree that: (i) the arbitrator shall have authority to award legal and equitable relief available in the courts of the State of Missouri, provided that the arbitrator shall not have authority to award consequential damages (regardless of foreseeability) or punitive damages; and (ii) any and all claims shall be arbitrated on an individual basis only and shall not be consolidated or joined with in any arbitration or other proceeding involving a claim of any other party.

e. This agreement to arbitrate is made pursuant to and in connection with a transaction involving interstate commerce and shall be governed by, and construed and interpreted in accordance with, the Federal Arbitration Act.

f. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL CLUB HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO THE SEASON TICKET HOLDER OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, punitive OR SPECIAL DAMAGES OR COSTS (INCLUDING ATTORNEYS’ FEES) RESULTING FROM ANY CLAIM (whether in contract, tort, negligence, strict liability or products liability) regarding this POLICY, EVEN IF SUCH OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. To the extent the Club cancels any Ticket or terminates an Account hereunder, the Club’s liability to Season Ticket Holder shall not exceed, as applicable, the value of the Ticket(s) cancelled or the pro-rata portion of the Ticket fees actually paid by Season Ticket Holder for the remaining Tickets in the Account following the termination that have not been previously refunded by the Club to Season Ticket Holder.

a. It is the responsibility of each Season Ticket Holder to read and comply with all information. The Club is not responsible for problems, losses, or inconveniences experienced because a Season Ticket Holder did not read information regarding the Account or this Policy, or because the information was mailed to a former or incorrect physical or e-mail address.

b. The failure of the Club to object to or take affirmative action with respect to any conduct of the Season Ticket Holder that is in violation of the provisions of this Policy shall not be construed as a waiver of that violation or of any future violations of the provisions of this Policy.

c. The Club reserves the right to amend or supplement the terms and conditions contained in this Policy by providing written notice to Season Ticket Holder or posting such revisions or amendments to the terms and conditions on www.cardinals.com when adopted by the Club.

d. This Policy will be governed by and construed under the laws of the State of Missouri. The parties agree that any legal action or proceeding arising in connection with this Policy will be brought in the applicable federal or state court located within the City of St. Louis, and the parties agree to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of such court in connection with any dispute between the parties relating to this Policy. The Season Ticket Holder hereby waives trial by jury in any litigation arising out of or in any way connected with this Policy or any breach thereof. On demand, Season Ticket Holder shall pay the Club all costs of collection, legal expenses and attorney’s fees incurred or paid by the Club in collecting and/or enforcing this Policy.

THIS POLICY CONTAINS A BINDING ARBITRATION PROVISION WHICH MAY BE ENFORCED BY THE PARTIES.

Unique ways to use Season Seats