Chicago Cubs season ticket accounts (each a “ Ticket Account ”) represent a non-transferable, non-renewable, revocable, limited Ticket license (the “ License ” or “ Ticket ”) offered by Chicago Cubs Baseball Club, LLC (the “ Club ”), subject to the terms and conditions set forth below, at www.cubs.com/ticketback and any policies published by the Club, in each case as amended from time to time (the terms and conditions below and any policies published by Club, in each case as amended from time to time, are collectively referred to as the “ Season Ticket Program ”). Payment of the total amount of fees due set forth in the invoice provided by Club (“ Invoice ”) to a Licensee (defined below) for Tickets or accepting or using Tickets constitutes Licensee's and their transferee's acceptance of the License pursuant to the Season Ticket Program. By accepting the License, Licensee acknowledges and agrees Licensee does not have reasonable expectation of a guaranteed renewal of the License or to purchase any tickets, nor any right or privilege, implied or otherwise, to renew the License.

1. For the purposes of this License, the “ Licensee ” is the adult individual or legal business entity account holder of record to whom the Ticket Account is registered in accordance with Paragraph 3, below. This License covers each Ticket Account pursuant to which Licensee is permitted to purchase Tickets for all or a predetermined number of Club's regular season home games (each a “ Game ” and collectively the “ Games ”). Each Ticket covered by the License represents a separate, non-renewable, revocable License which permits the bearer the right to: (a) enter the publicly-accessible areas of Wrigley Field or Sloan Park, as applicable (the “ Ballpark ”) at times determined by Club; (b) attend the Game identified on the Ticket; and (c) sit in the seat location identified on the Ticket. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Club reserves the right to move or reseat any individual at any time as needed to ensure a safe and orderly Game presentation, or otherwise in the event construction, weather, or other causes outside the control of Club require the closure of one or more seats or sections. This License, the Ticket Account, and Tickets are revocable at the sole and absolute discretion of Club, with or without cause, including, but not limited to, failure to pay any outstanding fees when due. Without limiting the foregoing, Licensees are advised Club may cancel any Ticket Account, revoke any License or take other appropriate action, including, without limitation, ejection and further legal action for any breach of season ticket license terms and conditions and/or violation of the rules and policies of Club or Ballpark, including, but not limited to: (a) any form of fraudulent activity, including without limitation fraudulently obtaining wheelchair and companion seats; (b) the purchase of Tickets for the purpose and intent of reselling the Tickets on the secondary market; or (c) use of Tickets for sweepstakes, contests and/or promotions without the prior written consent of Club.

2. The License covers only the Games and Licensee acknowledges and agrees that it has no expectancy, right, or privilege to Tickets to any specific seat(s) or any other event at the Ballpark, including without limitation, concerts, non-baseball events, exhibitions, or postseason games played by Club (e.g., Wild Card games, Division Series, League Championship Series and World Series games, hereinafter “ Postseason Events ”), or any other events held at the Ballpark (e.g., the All Star Game, etc.), except for as otherwise stated in this Agreement. The purchase of tickets for Postseason Events or other events at the Ballpark, if offered by Club, shall be subject to the terms and conditions as set forth, from time to time, by Major League Baseball (“ MLB ”), Club, or the event/concert promoter or organizer, as applicable, published in connection with such applicable offer. Licensee’s Ticket Account does not guarantee them access to tickets to Postseason Events or any other events at the Ballpark, and nothing herein shall constitute an offer, promise or guarantee of tickets to Postseason Events or other events. If tickets to such other events are sold, Licensee is not guaranteed a right to purchase. Any opportunity granted by Club to renew the License or to purchase tickets to Postseason Events or other events is a revocable privilege, at any time, in Club's sole and absolute discretion. For the avoidance of doubt, if a Ticket Account applies credit from unused Postseason Event tickets or Postseason Event ticket deposits towards a deposit for a Ticket Account for a subsequent season, it does not guarantee a renewal of any Ticket Account for the subsequent season. In the event Licensee’s Ticket Account is not renewed by the Club, any unused deposit will be refunded via their original method of payment. In addition, Licensee’s Ticket Account does not guarantee them any particular seating location to any Postseason Events or other events. For example, the Budweiser Bleachers are general admission during regular season Games, but will be reserved seating for any applicable Postseason Event. As such, pursuant to MLB rules, all Account Holders purchasing regular season plans are subject to relocation for Postseason Events. In the event Club reaches the postseason, Club will communicate additional postseason location and ticket information to Licensee.

3. The Ticket Account may only be registered in the name of one adult individual or legal business entity, who or which shall be identified as the Licensee in Club’s Ticket Account database. For accounts registered to an individual, such individual must be a living individual with valid government-issued identification. Registering a Ticket Account under a false or assumed identity, or under the name of any third party who is not involved with the Ticket Account and/or does not pay for the tickets, is viewed by Club as fraudulent and in violation of these terms, and Club reserves the right to immediately revoke and/or not renew any such account with no liability to Club whatsoever. Club further reserves the right to request additional or alternate evidence of identity or to require any Ticket Account to pay for Tickets in person. For the avoidance of doubt, arrangements where a number of individuals share the cost of a Ticket Account shall not be a violation of this paragraph, provided such individuals pay for the Tickets or are otherwise involved in the Ticket Account. In the event the Ticket Account is registered in the name of a legal business entity, a contact person must be identified for the limited purpose of correspondence and contact; provided, however, in no event will the contact person be considered the Licensee. In the event of any dispute regarding a Ticket Account, the Ticket Account database of Club shall be the system of record. Payment of any Invoice by anyone other than the Licensee, and receipt of payment thereof by Club, does not constitute or effectuate an assignment or transfer of the Ticket License or otherwise waive any provision of the Season Ticket Program. No purported assignment or transfer of the Ticket License shall be effective unless expressly authorized by Club, in writing. Club reserves the right to require any legal business entity to provide appropriate evidence of authorization for the Ticket Account. All requests to change the name of contract information (e.g., home address) associated with the Ticket Account must be made and signed, in writing, by the account holder of record and are subject to Club approval.

4. Each season during the term of the License, Licensee shall receive and pay the fees listed in the Invoice by the communicated payment deadline. The Invoiced fees shall be inclusive of all applicable taxes and fees. Licensee’s ticket plan is not divisible or severable and must be paid in full by the deadline associated with the Ticket Account prior to receiving any License for the applicable Season. In addition, all deposits are non-refundable. The failure of Licensee to remit payment in accordance with the terms of this Agreement or pursuant to the Invoice or otherwise communicated payment deadline shall constitute a “ Default Event ” under this Agreement. Upon the occurrence of a Default Event, Club may, at its sole option, terminate this Agreement or otherwise suspend Licensee’s use of the License and Club will have no further obligations of any kind to Licensee. Termination of a License due to a Default Event, shall not affect Licensee’s obligation to make all payments coming due after the date of termination under the full term of the License. Additionally, Club reserves the right to pursue any and all options to collect amounts due, including a debt collection agency, litigation, and other legal remedies afforded to it. Club also reserves the right to terminate the License and retain Licensee’s deposit, which means that Licensee shall forfeit their deposit and License tenure and further, Club shall release Licensee’s Tickets.

5. If Licensee has an eligible ticket plan, then they shall receive the option to purchase tickets for MLB event(s) for the 2027 MLB All-Star Week scheduled to occur at the Venue. Licensee shall have the option to purchase the same number of tickets included in their Ticket Account not to exceed four (4) tickets. For Ticket Accounts that exceed four (4) tickets, Licensee will only be allowed to purchase a maximum of four (4) tickets. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Licensee with a Premier Club Ticket Account with more than four (4) tickets shall not be capped at four (4) tickets and will have the option to purchase the same number of tickets included in their Premier Club Ticket Account. Such tickets shall be available to Licensee for an additional cost which shall be determined by MLB in its sole and absolute discretion. Exact pricing, purchasing requirements, event information, and terms to be communicated to Licensee at a later date. Licensee acknowledges that the option to purchase does not guarantee any specific seat at the Venue. Any fees owed in connection with All-Star Week tickets shall be in addition to the Invoiced fees related to the License. Only certain Club ticket plans are eligible for this All-Star Week offer. For the avoidance of doubt, if Licensee makes any changes to their ticket plan (e.g., switches to a different ticket plan or decreases the number of Tickets) during the Term, then they shall only be eligible to receive the lesser option of the changes in connection with their purchase of All-Star Week tickets. For example, if Licensee changes from a Daily Plan to a Half-Season Plan, then they are eligible to receive the offer available for the Half-Season Plan and not the more inclusive offer associated with the Daily Plan. Additionally, by way of example, if Licensee has 4 Tickets and then decreases to 2 Tickets, then Licensee is only eligible for 2 Tickets for the applicable All-Star Week events based on their ticket plan as described in the table below. The following purchase opportunities are available for eligible Licensees based on applicable ticket plan:

* Opportunity to purchase tickets for the Home Run Derby and All-Star Game with the purchase of All-Star Saturday

Half-Season Ticket Plan Holders

* Opportunity to purchase tickets for the Home Run Derby or All-Star Game with the purchase of All-Star Saturday

\ MLB events subject to change based on the schedule for 2027 MLB All-Star Week*

All ticket plan holders may receive access to enter a drawing to purchase tickets to additional All-Star Week events, subject to availability. Any Licensee who purchases tickets to the Home Run Derby or All-Star Game will be required to purchase the same number of tickets to the All-Star Saturday (policy subject to change by MLB). Notwithstanding the foregoing, MLB may require Licensee to purchase a package for additional All-Star Week items or events that are not severable. As mentioned above, exact purchasing requirements and terms to be communicated to Licensee at a later date. Tickets will be issued after Licensee has placed their deposit for the 2028 Season by the date communicated by Club.

In the event that the All-Star Game does not occur at the Venue during the 2027 Season but is played at the Venue in a later Season, then Licensee shall retain their right to purchase Tickets for the later scheduled All-Star Game (“ Future All-Star Game”); provided that, Licensee remains in good standing under its agreement and these terms and conditions (i.e., active License, up to date on payments, and continues to maintain an eligible ticket plan) for the duration of the Term. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Licensee’s right to purchase for a Future All-Star Game shall last for no more than five (5) years past the end of the Term.

6. For each season, Licensee’s ticket plan is not divisible or severable and must be paid in full by the deadline associated with the Ticket Account prior to receiving any License for the applicable season. In addition, all deposits are non-refundable. If Club does not receive the fees due by the communicated deadline, Club reserves the right to terminate the License. Termination of a License for non-payment, shall not affect Licensee’s obligation to make all payments coming due after the date of termination. Additionally, Club reserves the right to pursue any and all options to collect amounts due, including a debt collection agency, litigation, and other legal remedies afforded to it. Club also reserves the right to terminate the License and retain Licensee’s deposit, which means that Licensee shall forfeit their deposit and License tenure and further, Club shall release Licensee’s Tickets.

7. The License, the Ticket Account, and/or any privileges Licensee may have hereunder, shall not be assigned or transferred in any manner, whether voluntarily or by gift, bequest, or operation of law, by Licensee to any other person or entity without the express written consent of Club. Only Licensee can request a Ticket Account be assigned or transferred. If Club discovers a Ticket Account has been kept in the name of an individual other than the account holder of record, or if the account holder of record is not acting on their own behalf ( e.g. , does not pay for the Ticket Account, Tickets are sent to an address not in any way associated with account holder of record, account holder of record is unaware that they are the account holder of record), Club will consider such conduct fraudulent and in violation of these terms, and Club reserves the right to immediately revoke and/or not renew any such account with no liability to Club whatsoever. No payment by account holder of record or receipt by Club of a lesser amount than the invoiced fees stipulated shall be deemed to be other than on account of the earliest stipulated fees, nor shall any endorsement or statement on any check or any letter accompanying any check or payment of the fees be deemed an accord and satisfaction, and Club shall accept such check or payment without prejudice to Club's right to recover the balance of the fees or pursue any other remedy in these terms or otherwise available at law or equity.

8. Any direct or indirect sale, resale, auction, assignment or transfer (collectively, “ resale ”) of any Tickets must be done in accordance with applicable law. Any resale in violation of applicable law will constitute a material breach of this License. Any attempt by two or more persons to gain admission to a Game or other event with both a cancelled Ticket and a reissued Ticket will constitute a material breach of this License. No Ticket(s) may be used for advertising, promotion (including contests, giveaways or sweepstakes) or other trade or commercial purposes without the express prior written consent of Club. The use of any Ticket for commercial or other transactions in violation of this License, with or without the knowledge of the Licensee, is the sole responsibility of Licensee, who shall remain absolutely and unconditionally responsible for any violations of License and material breach of this License. Without limiting the foregoing, Club reserves the right to hold Licensee responsible for the use of any Ticket bar code associated with the Ticket Account. Accordingly, Licensee should control and supervise the use of all Ticket(s) so that the License is not violated or materially breached. Club reserves the right to investigate violations and/or alleged violations of the License and take appropriate action, including, without limitation, revocation of License. The failure of Licensee or any person in possession of the Ticket(s) to cooperate with any investigation constitutes a material breach of this License.

9. Eligible ticket plan holders only may participate in the Club ticket exchange program, where eligible Licensees may exchange a designated number of regular season home game dates in their ticket plan toward a Qualified Purchase, as defined below. For the avoidance of doubt, an eligible ticket plan is a season ticket plan containing forty-one (41) or more regular season home games. A Qualified Purchase is defined as a: a) purchase of additional tickets for any home game at the Venue during the same regular season (“ Replacement Game ”), subject to ticket availability, the limitations set forth below and/or other Club restrictions; or b) credit (“ Credit ”) to Licensee’s Ticket Account, to be applied toward their renewal of the Ticket Account for the subsequent season. Eligible Licensees may not use the Credit, or any portion of the amount, for any reason other than Licensee’s renewal of their Ticket Account. For sake of clarity, the Credit may not be used to purchase tickets to any concerts, any other non-baseball event held at Ballpark, any restricted games designated by the Club, renewal of another Licensee’s Ticket Account, or parking at the Venue. The Replacement Game must be held and/or the Credit must be applied on or before the end of the current Season. If the Replacement Game is not held on or before the end of the current Season or the Credit is not applied towards a Qualified Purchase by the payment deadline for the subsequent Season, it will automatically expire without notice and shall be forfeited by the Ticket Account holder. The Credit is not redeemable for cash and is non-refundable. The Credit may not be sold, transferred, or offered as a gift. Suites, Premier Club Season Tickets seats, Double Play plans, and game plans with less than forty-one (41) regular season home games are not eligible to participate in the Club ticket exchange program.

10. Nothing in these terms and conditions is intended to, or shall, limit in any way Club's sole and absolute discretion as to whether to offer any future Tickets to Licensee or any individual affiliated with the Ticket Account.

11. The bearer of a Ticket assumes all risk incidental to the sport of baseball and any other event at the Venue to which any ticket applies, whether occurring prior to, during or after the Game or event, including (but not exclusively) the danger of being injured by or in connection with any broken or released bat, fragments thereof, or thrown or batted balls and agrees the Chicago Cubs Baseball Club, LLC, Wrigley Field Holdings, LLC, Chicago Cubs Charities, the Office of the Commissioner of Baseball, MLB Advanced Media, L.P., MLB Properties, Inc., the MLB Media Holdings L.P., MLB Online Services, Inc., MLB Network, LLC, MLB Network Holdings, LLC, the Major League Baseball clubs, Tickets.com, Inc., and each of their respective parents, subsidiaries or affiliated or successor entities, players, officers, members, managers, employees, partners, sponsors, or agents of the above entities shall not be liable for injuries or loss of personal property resulting from attending the Game or any event. Further, the bearer of a Ticket agrees to assume all risks associated with COVID-19 and other infectious and/or communicable diseases, viruses, bacteria or illnesses, as well as agree to all other terms and rules set forth at www.cubs.com/ticketback .

12. In addition to these terms, Licensee shall (and shall cause its guests or any person using a Ticket to) abide by all rules, regulations, terms and conditions, and policies implemented or communicated by Club and Venue. Club reserves the right, without providing any refunds, to revoke the License and potentially take further legal action, refuse admission or eject any person whose conduct is deemed to be disorderly, who uses abusive language, who carries or attempts to carry a prohibited item into the Venue, who fails to comply with the terms and conditions of License, who interferes with any ball in the field of play or any player attempting to make a play on any batted, pitched or thrown baseball, who enters or attempts to enter the field of play or play, placing, dropping, tossing, hurling any substance or object onto the field or otherwise trespassing in any restricted area, or who otherwise violates the Guest Code of Conduct published at cubs.com and applicable to the Venue. Further, Licensee and people using the Tickets shall not attach, hang or display any signs, banners, advertisements or other notices in the Ballpark. Without limiting the foregoing, Licensee and persons using Tickets shall not engage in any campaigning, canvassing or electioneering unless expressly approved in advance, in writing, by Club. Violation of any of the foregoing by Licensee or any person using a Ticket, as determined by Club, may lead to the revocation of License and termination of the Ticket Account.

13. BY USING TICKET, THE BEARER OF THE TICKET AGREES THAT: (A) THEY SHALL NOT TRANSMIT OR AID IN TRANSMITTING ANY INFORMATION ABOUT THE GAME OR OTHER EVENT TO WHICH THE TICKET GRANTS ADMISSION, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY ACCOUNT, DESCRIPTION, PICTURE, VIDEO, AUDIO, REPRODUCTION OR OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING THE GAME OR OTHER EVENT, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION PRE-GAME, INTERMISSION, POST-GAME OR OTHER ACTIVITY (COLLECTIVELY, "GAME INFORMATION"); (B) CLUB, THE COMMISSIONER OF MLB OR THE OTHER EVENT PROMOTER, AS APPLICABLE, IS THE EXCLUSIVE OWNER OF ALL INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY, COPYRIGHTS AND OTHER PROPRIETARY RIGHTS IN THE GAME AND GAME INFORMATION AND/OR THE OTHER EVENT; AND (C) CLUB, THE PARTICIPATING OPPOSING CLUB, THE COMMISSIONER OF MLB AND THE OTHER EVENT PROMOTER AND EACH OF THEIR RESPECTIVE AGENTS AND LICENSEES SHALL HAVE THE UNRESTRICTED RIGHT AND LICENSE TO USE THE BEARER'S LIKENESS IN ANY BROADCAST, TELECAST, FILM, AUDIO/VIDEO RECORDING OR PHOTOGRAPH TAKEN IN CONNECTION WITH THE GAME OR OTHER EVENT OR OTHER TRANSMISSION OR REPRODUCTION, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, OF THE GAME OR OTHER EVENT FOR ANY PURPOSE SUCH AS ADVERTISING, PROMOTIONAL OR OTHER COMMERCIAL PURPOSES, IN PERPETUITY, AND IN ALL MEDIA NOW KNOWN OR SUBSEQUENTLY DEVELOPED, WITHOUT COMPENSATION/NOTIFICATION.

14. Club shall not be responsible to Licensee (through a refund of fees or through any other means), for the cancellation or non-performance of any Game or event scheduled at the Venue, or the inability of Licensee to otherwise use the Tickets, where the cancellation, non-performance, or other inability is due to any cause or circumstance beyond Club’s reasonable control, whether caused by a Force Majeure Event (as defined below) or otherwise. Unless specified by Club, Tickets shall bear no cash value and Licensee shall not earn interest on funds held by Club. In the event a Game is canceled or rescheduled due to inclement weather, a Force Majeure Event (as defined below) or circumstances beyond the control of Club, Club shall communicate applicable Game policies to the bearer of the Ticket and/or on Club’s website, cubs.com . In the event a regulation game as defined by MLB (i.e., four and one-half (4 ½) innings if Club is ahead or five (5) full innings if the visiting club is ahead or the Game is tied) is not played due to any adverse weather condition, the Ticket will constitute a rain check subject to any applicable policy announced by Club and published on www.cubs.com for the Game. The Ticket bearer shall retain the applicable Ticket as it may need to be presented to Club to receive a Ticket for the rescheduled Game. For purposes of this Agreement, a “ Force Majeure Event ” includes rain, fire, flood, other acts of nature, acts of God, acts of war or terrorism, federal or state or local governmental orders or restrictions, pandemics, epidemics, severe threats to public health and safety, lockouts, strikes, labor disputes, work stoppage, unavoidable accident, legal restrictions, electronic or electrical interference, telecommunications difficulties, system failure, technical failure, failure of any third party system or product, decisions by MLB and any other cause beyond Club’s control. For the avoidance of doubt, Invoice fees shall be due and payable by the communicated payment deadline regardless of the occurrence or anticipated occurrence of any Force Majeure Event, including, but not limited to the occurrence of a lockout or strike involving MLB, MLB clubs, and the Major League Baseball Players Association, the result of which is a delay or interruption of a regular Season (also referred to as “work stoppage”) If a work stoppage or other Force Majeure Event occurs at any point and results in a failure to complete a full Season (as defined below), any fees paid by Licensee shall be retained by Club and applied to the following Season occurring during the term of the License. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a work stoppage or Force Majeure Event occurs at any point during the term and results in a failure to complete a full Season, then the term of the License shall be extended for at least one (1) additional Season subject to the terms of this Agreement to which the fees shall be applied. For the avoidance of doubt, a season that has forty-one (41) or more home games is considered to be a full Season and a season that contains less than forty-one (41) home games is not considered a full Season, and in such case where a full Season does not occur, the term of the License shall extend for at least one (1) additional Season.

15. Club reserves the right at any time, and without prior notice, to modify, amend or supplement the Season Ticket Program. Club's and the opponent club's rosters, lineups, coaches, manager and the dates and times for each Game and other event are all subject to change.

16. Any dispute not resolved informally shall be subject to the Arbitration Agreement available at www.cubs.com/ticketback .

17. The terms of the Season Ticket Program are severable. In the event any provision of this Season Ticket Program is held illegal or unenforceable, such provision shall be severed and shall be inoperative and may be replaced or modified by Club with a similar term which complies with existing law. In such case, the remaining terms and conditions shall not be affected, and, provided that the fundamental terms and conditions of the Season Ticket Program remain legal and enforceable, the remainder of the Season Ticket Program shall remain operative and binding.

18. This Paragraph 18 applies only to Sloan Park Spring Training Season Ticket Holders . For automatic renewal season Ticket Accounts (“ Auto-Renew ”), Licensee’s Ticket Account will renew every year under the following payment terms. LICENSEES WHO HAVE AN AUTO-RENEW TICKET ACCOUNT EXPRESSLY AUTHORIZE THE INITIAL AND CONTINUED PAYMENTS IN ACCORDANCE WITH THEIR SELECTED PAYMENT PLAN FOR THE CURRENT SEASON AND FOR EACH SUBSEQUENT SEASON, UNTIL SUCH TIME AS THEY CHOOSE TO CANCEL THEIR TICKET ACCOUNT AS PROVIDED HEREIN.

b. Payment Plan. Auto-Renew season Ticket Account holders may use one of two payment plans (“ Payment Plan ”). A credit card is required for each Auto-Renew Ticket Account Payment Plan.

Monthly Installment Plan . Auto-Renew Ticket Account holders may pay for the cost of their season ticket(s) for the subsequent season by making three (3) equal payments commencing on October 1st, with the next payment being due on the first day of the next two (2) months.

Monthly Installment Plan . Auto-Renew Ticket Account holders may pay for the cost of their season ticket(s) for the subsequent season by making three (3) equal payments commencing on October 1st, with the next payment being due on the first day of the next two (2) months.

Pay In Full Plan . Auto-Renew Ticket Account holders may also pay for the cost of their season ticket(s) for the subsequent season by payment in full on October 1st.

Pay In Full Plan . Auto-Renew Ticket Account holders may also pay for the cost of their season ticket(s) for the subsequent season by payment in full on October 1st.

The Auto-Renew Ticket Account will automatically renew under the same Payment Plan that Licensee selected for the previous season. If Licensee wants to pay for their season ticket(s) for the subsequent season under a different Payment Plan, Licensee must contact the Club by sending an email to mesa@cubs.com prior to the September 30th renewal deadline.

c. Automatic Ticket Renewal. AUTO-RENEW SEASON TICKET ACCOUNT HOLDERS WILL HAVE THEIR TICKET(S) AUTOMATICALLY RENEWED FOR THE UPCOMING SEASON EACH OCTOBER 1ST, UNTIL SUCH TIME AS THEY CHOOSE TO CANCEL THEIR SEASON TICKET(S) IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROCEDURES SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT.

Renewal Notice . Club will send a renewal notice to Auto-Renew Ticket Account Holders at least thirty (30) days prior to October 1st each year. This renewal notice will specify any changes to the price of the season ticket(s) for the upcoming season as well as any other material changes to the season ticket benefits. Club reserves the right to introduce new pricing and benefits before each season, in phases or at once before the renewal deadline.

Cancellation . Auto-Renew Ticket Account Holders may cancel their season ticket(s) at any time during a season for any reason by providing a cancellation notice to the Club by sending an email to mesa@cubs.com . The cancellation notice must contain Licensee’s Auto-Renew Ticket Account number. Any Auto-Renew Ticket Account Holder who cancels their season ticket(s) will not receive any refunds for any payment(s) made prior to the cancellation and will have all season ticket benefits suspended at the time of cancellation.

For additional information on Licensee’s Ticket Account and other offers, please visit www.cubs.com/STH

Season Ticket Holder Special Offers

Season Ticket License Full Terms and Conditions