Auto-Renewal Recurring Payment Terms & Conditions

By purchasing Cleveland Guardians regular season tickets (“Season Tickets”) and agreeing to enroll in the Season Ticket Membership Auto-Renewal Recurring Payment Plan (“Auto-Renewal Plan”), you, as a Season Ticket Member, understand and agree to give the Cleveland Guardians Baseball Company, LLC, its agents, successors and assigns (collectively, the “Club”) the authorization to charge your credit/debit card for Season Tickets for this baseball season and each future baseball seasons at Progressive Field, and further agree to the terms and conditions set forth herein. Season Tickets subject to the Auto-Renewal Plan will automatically renew before the start of each baseball season. The Club will send a renewal Invoice prior to each baseball season, and you will have thirty (30) days after receipt of such Invoice to opt-out of and decline to purchase Season Tickets for upcoming seasons. To request an opt-out form at any time, please contact your account representative directly, Fan Services at 216-420-HITS, or visit www.cleguardians.com/autorenewaloptout . Opt-out forms must be submitted within thirty (30) days after receipt of the pricing notification contained in the Invoice. All Season Ticket sales are final and no refunds or exchanges will be made. The Club reserves the right to cancel Season Tickets for any reason, in the sole discretion of Club. The Club will automatically charge the credit/debit card of those enrolled in the Auto-Renewal Plan in accordance with the payment schedule(s) set by Club for each baseball season. By agreeing to purchase Season Tickets utilizing the Auto-Renewal Plan, you hereby warrant that you have the authority to authorize charges to the account listed in the invoice (the “Season Ticket Account”) for the purpose of paying for Season Tickets for this baseball season and each future baseball season at Progressive Field until you opt-out of the Auto-Renewal Plan as set forth herein. The Club will only accept one (1) valid credit/debit card per Season Ticket Account. If your credit/debit card is declined for any reason, you agree to be responsible for paying any and all remaining balances immediately and updating your Season Ticket Account accordingly. Failure to adhere to the payment schedule specified by Club may result in denied entry to any baseball game or event at Progressive Field, and Club reserves the right to restrict entry to Progressive Field and/or revoke Season Ticket Member privileges if the Account is not paid in full or paid in accordance with the payment schedule specified by Club, and/or if any authorized charge is refused by the applicable credit card company or bank for any reason. Only Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover shall be accepted. By agreeing to purchase Season Tickets utilizing the Auto-Renewal Plan, you understand that the authorizations set forth herein remain in force and effect until the Club has received written notification of your termination of the Auto-Renewal Plan in such a manner and in time to afford the Club and your credit card company or bank a reasonable opportunity to act. In the event your credit/debit card account number changes, your authorizations set forth herein will remain in effect for the new account number(s). The Club shall not be liable for any erroneous bill statements or incorrect charges, and in the event an error occurs in billing, the Club’s only responsibility is to correct it when, and if, the Club receives notice of the error. There will be no refunds of any kind for such charges. The Club reserves the right to terminate or amend the selected payment option in its sole discretion.

THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CONTAIN AN AUTOMATIC RENEWAL FEATURE. AUTO-RENEWAL PLAN PAYMENTS WILL CONTINUE UNTIL YOU OPT-OUT OF THE AUTO-RENEWAL PLAN AS SET FORTH ABOVE.

10th Teammate Memberships (Season Tickets)

Seating Maps & Ballpark Information