Welcome to the Mets Member Clubhouse Program (the “ Program ”) offered by Sterling Mets, L.P. (the “ Mets ”). By participating in the Program, each Member agrees to these Terms and Conditions, and the rules, regulations, policies, and procedures of the Mets (as may be amended from time to time, the “ Terms ”), the Mets Terms of Use (as amended by these Terms), and Privacy Policy . Please read them carefully.

Please note that Section 9 of these Terms requires Members to arbitrate claims they may have against the Mets that are related to this Program, which means that Members cannot bring claims against the Mets in court, and each Member confirms their agreement to a class action waiver in arbitration.

The Program is available only to individuals who (i) are at least eighteen (18) years old and (ii) have signed the New York Mets Ticket Purchase Terms and Conditions to purchase a Mets flex (excluding tier 1), quarter, half or full regular season ticket package and are current with all payments and otherwise in good standing (each, a “ Member ” and collectively, the “ Members ”). Each Member must create an account by following the steps set forth in Section 2 (How to Register) below. The Mets reserve the right to request proof of eligibility at any time.

Members can register for the Program by downloading the MLB Ballpark app (the “ App ”) and following the instructions to create a Program account (the “ Account ”). Members who have already downloaded the MLB Ballpark app can create their Account by visiting the Member Clubhouse Program page in the App and agreeing to these Terms. There is a limit of one (1) Account per person. Accounts cannot be shared or transferred.

Each Member is responsible for maintaining the security of their Account and is responsible for all activities that occur under the Account. If a Member believes that their Account has been compromised at any time, such Member must notify the Mets immediately by sending an email to SeasonTicketServices@nymets.com .

How to Earn Tokens and Select Benefits

All Members will be assigned a Mets membership impact tier based on tenure, account value, ticket usage, and other factors determined by the Mets to ensure personalized perks and privileges that match the Member’s level of engagement. Each Member will be assigned a designated number of tokens (the “Tokens” ) prior to the start of each applicable MLB regular season based on the impact tier assigned by the Mets. Members will have the opportunity to redeem their Tokens for experiences, events or items (the “Benefits” ) in the Member Clubhouse store in the App. Tokens must be utilized by the Member to select Benefits within 30 days (the “Member Benefit Selection Period” ) in the Member store on the App. After the Member Benefit Selection Period, the Benefits offered in the Member Clubhouse store will expire. The Mets may offer additional Benefits in the store throughout the year as perks for our Members.

All Benefits are subject to availability and additional terms may apply. A description of each Benefit will be posted in the store in the Program section of the App. The number of Tokens required to obtain each Benefit will vary based on the Benefit. All Benefits available in the Member store will be determined by the Mets in its sole discretion. Members will be able to redeem Benefits while supplies last, and not all Benefits initially available for redemption are guaranteed to be available at all times.

Experiences: Members may redeem Tokens to RSVP for select events and experiences (each an “ Experience ” and collectively, “ Experiences ”). A description of each Experience will be posted in the Member store section of the Program. The number of Tokens required to RSVP for Experiences will vary based on each Experience and will be automatically deducted from the Account at the time of redemption. Experience redemptions may not be returned or exchanged for cash, Tokens, points, or other benefits or rewards, and Tokens will not be re-applied to an Account if the Member fails to attend the Experience. Experiences may be virtual and in-person, hosted by the Mets at Citi Field and other venues. Each of these Experiences may be subject to its own terms and conditions and Members may be required to sign waivers and releases in favor of the Mets and the Released Parties as a condition precedent to participating in any Experience. All Experiences are non-transferrable and will be available for redemption while supply lasts. An Experience may be cancelled at the Mets sole discretion. If an Experience is cancelled, any Tokens spent by Member to RSVP for the Experience will be refunded to such Member’s Account.

Merchandise: Members may redeem Tokens in the Member Clubhouse store to obtain select merchandise or items. Participants will be able to redeem these Benefits while supplies last, and not all items initially available for redemption are guaranteed to be available at all times. Merchandise obtained from the store may not be returned or exchanged for cash, Tokens, points, or other Benefits.

Members may have the opportunity to earn additional Tokens throughout the MLB regular season by participating in challenges (the “Challenges” ) if any, as determined by the Mets in their sole discretion. The number of Tokens awarded per Challenge may vary as well as the number of Challenges which are available at any time. Any Tokens assigned prior to the start of each applicable MLB regular season or earned via Challenges will expire at the end of each calendar year.

The Mets will endeavor to add all Tokens to a Member’s Account within approximately three (3) days after the Tokens are earned. Members are responsible for ensuring that the Token balance in their Account is correct. Members can check their Token balance by visiting the Program section of the App. If any Member believes that they did not receive the correct number of Tokens or that there is an error with their Account, the Member should contact the Mets by email at SeasonTicketServices@nymets.com no later than ten (10) business days following the date such Member expected to earn the Tokens or noticed (or should have noticed) the Account error, as determined by the Mets in its sole discretion. The Mets will investigate any issues and will endeavor to promptly rectify any errors; provided that the Mets’ good faith determination of the amount of Tokens a Member should have earned will be final and binding. Requests to audit Member Tokens or rectify Account errors received after the notice period will not be considered.

The Mets reserve the right to modify any of the terms and conditions governing the Program at any time, including (but not limited to) the ways to earn Tokens, the number of Tokens Members are assigned or can earn, the rules for redeeming Tokens, the items for which Members can redeem Tokens and the corresponding Token values, and the expiration of Tokens, with or without notice, even though these changes may affect a Member’s ability to receive, earn or redeem Tokens. Unless the Mets provide otherwise, modifications are effective immediately upon posting of the updated Terms. The Mets also reserve the right to suspend or terminate the Program (in part or in its entirety) at any time, for any reason. The Mets will notify each Member in the event it terminates the Program.

Each Member’s continued participation in the Program constitutes their acceptance of any changes the Mets make to these Terms. Each Member is responsible for remaining knowledgeable about any changes the Mets may make to these Terms. The most current version of the Terms will be available on the App and will supersede all previous versions of the Terms.

Any Member may terminate their Member Clubhouse Account if they do not agree with any change the Mets make to the Program or if they decide that they no longer wish to participate in the Program. Members may terminate their Account by following the instructions below in Section 5 (How to Opt Out). Members will not be able to use any of the Tokens or other Benefits earned or selected if they terminate their Account.

Participation in the Program is voluntary and Members may withdraw from the Program at any time. If a Member no longer wishes to participate in the Program, such Member should email SeasonTicketServices@nymets.com and include “Opt Out Request” as the subject of the email. If a Member opts out, such Member will forfeit all of the Tokens and Benefits associated with their Member Clubhouse Account.

If the Mets suspect that a Member has failed to comply with or is violating these Terms, no longer meets the eligibility requirements, is making purchases for a business or for resale or is otherwise using their Account for commercial purposes, is manipulating the Program, or is otherwise acting in a manner inconsistent with the Program’s intent, in each case, as determined by the Mets in its sole discretion, then the Mets reserve the right to terminate such Member’s Account, prohibit such Member from participating in the Program, and/or take appropriate legal action. For the avoidance of doubt, ticket re-sellers and ticket brokers are not eligible to participate in the Program. The Mets shall determine, in its sole discretion, whether a Member is a ticket re-seller or ticket broker and whether such Member is not eligible to participate in the Program and/or whether to terminate such Member’s Account. If a Member is disqualified or if such Member’s Account is terminated, such Member will not be able to use their Tokens or other earned Benefits and will forfeit any unredeemed Tokens and Benefits. The Mets also reserve the right to prevent such Member from participating in any Benefit previously awarded to the Member.

By participating in the Program, Members agree to receive email messages or push notifications about the Program. If the Mets need to communicate with a Member about the Program, a message will be sent to the email address associated with the Account. If the email address changes after registering for the Program, the Member is responsible for promptly updating the Account.

Tokens have no cash value, are issued for promotional purposes only, are non-transferable, cannot be bartered, exchanged, or redeemed for cash, do not constitute your property, may not be combined with Tokens or points in other Accounts, and may not be transferred or assigned to any other program, person, entity, trust, or estate.

Indemnification; Limitation of Liability; Likeness Release

By participating in the Program, each Member agrees to indemnify, defend and hold the Mets, Queens Ballpark Company, L.L.C., Sterling Mets Operations, L.L.C., Sterling Mets Front Office, L.L.C., CF Hospitality, L.L.C., Amazin’ Mets Foundation, Inc., the MLB Entities, and each of their respective parent, subsidiary, and affiliated entities, and each of their respective shareholders, officers, directors, employees, and agents, and their service providers and contractors (collectively, the “ Released Parties ”) harmless from and against any and all claims, losses, costs, expenses, arbitration awards, settlements, or causes of action arising out of, in connection with, or resulting from Member’s participation in the Program, including, but not limited to Member’s participation in any Experience; death, injury, or damage to persons or property which may be caused, directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, from Member’s participation in the Program or receipt or use of any Reward; technical errors that may prevent such Member from participating in the Program, earning Tokens, or redeeming Tokens. “ MLB Entities ” means the Office of the Commissioner of Baseball (“ BOC ”), its Bureaus, Committees, Subcommittees and Councils, the Major League Baseball Clubs (“ Clubs ”), MLB Advanced Media, L.P. (“ MLB ”), Major League Baseball Properties, Inc., The MLB Network, LLC, Tickets.com, LLC, each of their parent, subsidiary, affiliated and related entities, any entity which, now or in the future, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with the Clubs or the BOC and the owners, general and limited partners, shareholders, directors, officers, employees and agents of the foregoing entities.

Each Member waives the right to claim any damages whatsoever, including, but not limited to, punitive, consequential, direct, or indirect damages. For New Jersey residents, the limitations set forth above may be inapplicable where attorneys’ fees, court costs, or other damages are mandated by statute. Member further agrees that in any cause of action, the Released Parties’ aggregate liability for all claims will not exceed twenty-five United States dollars (U.S. $25.00).

Where permitted by applicable law, Member agrees to bring any and all actions within one (1) year from the date of the accrual of the cause of action and that actions brought after this date will be barred.

By participating in the Program, Member gives the Mets their express permission to publicize Member’s Account name or name, Benefit information, photograph, voice, statements, and/or other likeness for advertising, promotional, trade, and any other purpose, in any media or format now known or hereafter devised, throughout the world, in perpetuity, without limitation and without further compensation, consideration, permission or notification, unless prohibited by law.

The Program and any Benefits are provided “as-is” and “as-available”. The Released Parties make no warranties, express or implied, with respect to the Program or any Reward and the Released Parties expressly disclaim all other warranties, express or implied, including (without limitation) any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to the Program and any Benefit.

Mandatory Arbitration Agreement and Class Action Waiver

SET FORTH BELOW IS THE BINDING ARBITRATION PROVISION AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER FOR DISPUTES IN CONNECTION WITH THE PROGRAM (“ Arbitration Agreement ”).

If any Member has any problem in connection with the Program, such Member should first contact the Mets at SeasonTicketServices@nymets.com to attempt to resolve the matter quickly and amicably. Any dispute not resolved informally in such a manner must be resolved in accordance with this Arbitration Agreement.

Unless prohibited by federal law, each Member and the Mets agree to arbitrate, through binding arbitration, the following in accordance with this Arbitration Agreement (collectively, “ Arbitration Claims ”): (a) all claims or disputes relating in any way to (i) the Program, (ii) the Terms, (iii) Member’s use of or participation in any Reward, including (without limitation) any claims of bodily injury, death, or property damage arising out of Member’s participation in the Program or use of or participation in any Reward awarded in connection with the Program, and (iv) the validity, scope or enforceability of this Arbitration Agreement, and (b) any and all claims against any of the Released Parties; provided, however, Arbitration Claims may not include claims arising out of any other written agreement executed by Member and the Mets. This Arbitration Agreement involves interstate commerce and will be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. ch. 1 (“ FAA ”), and not by state law.

In connection with any Arbitration Claim to be resolved by arbitration hereunder, neither Member nor the Mets will be able to have a court or jury trial decide any such Arbitration Claims or participate in a class action or class arbitration relating to such Arbitration Claims. Other rights that Member and the Mets would have in court will not be available or will be more limited in arbitration, including the right to appeal. Member and the Mets each understand and agree that by requiring each other to resolve all disputes through individual arbitration, EACH PARTY IS WAIVING THE RIGHT TO A COURT OR JURY TRIAL AND ALL DISPUTES MUST BE ARBITRATED ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS, AND NOT AS A CLASS ACTION, REPRESENTATIVE ACTION, CLASS ARBITRATION OR ANY SIMILAR PROCEEDING. The arbitrator may not consolidate the claims of multiple parties.

Arbitrations subject to this Arbitration Agreement will be administered by JAMS in accordance with its then-existing comprehensive arbitration rules and procedures. Member may obtain information about arbitration, arbitration procedures, and fees from JAMS by calling (800) 352-5267 or visiting www.jamsadr.com . If JAMS is unable or unwilling to arbitrate a dispute, then the dispute may be referred to any other arbitration organization or arbitrator the parties both agree upon in writing or that is appointed pursuant to Section 5 of the FAA. The arbitration will take place in New York, New York. The arbitration will be presided over by a single arbitrator, who will be selected in accordance with the rules that, as specified above, will govern the arbitration. The arbitrator will be authorized to award any relief that would have been available in court, provided that the arbitrator’s authority is limited to Member and the Mets alone, except as otherwise specifically stated herein. The arbitrator will award the costs and fees of the arbitration, including reasonable attorney and expert witness fees, to the prevailing party. No arbitration decision will have any preclusive effect as to non-parties. The arbitrator’s decision will be final and binding. This Arbitration Agreement will take precedence over the rules of the arbitration organization or arbitrator in the event of any conflict.

Notwithstanding any other provision herein, Member and the Mets may seek relief in a small claims court for Arbitration Claims within its jurisdiction. In addition, Member and the Mets each may exercise any lawful rights to seek provisional remedies or self-help, without waiving the right to arbitrate by doing so. Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, if the foregoing class action waiver and prohibition against class arbitration is determined to be invalid or unenforceable, then this entire Arbitration Agreement shall be void. If any portion of this Arbitration Agreement other than the class action waiver and prohibition against class arbitration is deemed invalid or unenforceable, it shall not invalidate the remaining portions of this Arbitration Agreement. This Arbitration Agreement will survive the termination of the Program or the Terms and/or the bankruptcy or insolvency of a party (to the extent permitted by applicable law).

Prior to bringing a claim under the Arbitration Agreement, the party seeking to bring the claim (the “ Claimant ”) shall give the other party or parties written notice of the Arbitration Claim (a “ Claim Notice ”) and a reasonable opportunity, not less than thirty (30) days, to resolve the Arbitration Claim. Any Claim Notice to the Mets shall be sent by mail to: New York Mets, Attn: Legal Department, Re: Mets Loyalty Program Claim Notice, 41 Seaver Way, Flushing, New York 11368. Any Claim Notice must (i) identify the Claimant by name, address, email address, and telephone number; (ii) explain the nature of the Arbitration Claim and the relief demanded; and (iii) be submitted only on behalf of the Claimant, and not on behalf of any other party. The Claimant must reasonably cooperate in providing any information about the Arbitration Claim that the other party reasonably requests and must give the other party a reasonable opportunity to respond to the demand for relief.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the dispute involves: (i) Member’s failure to pay any amounts due and/or (ii) Member’s failure to participate in the arbitration in good faith, or frustrates the arbitration process and/or the arbitration process reaches an impasse, then as a result of any of the foregoing, the Mets, at its sole option, shall be relieved from this Arbitration Agreement and may immediately proceed with any legal action, suit or proceeding in the State Courts of New York located, in the Mets’ discretion, in Queens County or New York County. Member expressly and irrevocably accepts and submits to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the aforesaid courts in personam and waives any claim that such forum is inconvenient, inappropriate or any similar claim.

Member further acknowledges and agrees that if the Mets are forced to proceed under the immediately preceding paragraph with respect to any dispute, such dispute is likely to involve complicated and difficult issues. Accordingly, Member hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives any right it may have to a trial by jury in respect to any litigation contemplated hereunder. Member further certifies and acknowledges that: (i) no representative, agent or attorney of the Mets has represented, expressly or otherwise, that the Mets would not, in the event of litigation, seek to enforce Member’s waiver of a trial by jury; (ii) it understands and has considered the implications of Member’s waiver of a trial by jury; (iii) it makes such waiver voluntarily; and (iv) it has induced the Mets to enter into this agreement by, among other things, its waiver of a trial by jury and the certifications contained in the foregoing clauses (i), (ii) and (iii).

EACH MEMBER HAS THE RIGHT TO REJECT THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT, BUT SUCH MEMBER MUST EXERCISE THIS RIGHT PROMPTLY. If a Member does not wish to be bound by the Arbitration Agreement, such Member must notify the Mets by mailing a written opt-out notice, postmarked within seven (7) days after Member acknowledges acceptance of and agrees to be bound by the provisions of the Terms, but not this Arbitration Agreement. The applicable Member must send the request to: New York Mets, Attn: Legal Department, Re: Arbitration – Mets Member Clubhouse Program, 41 Seaver Way, Flushing, New York 11368. The request must include Member’s full name, address, account number, and the statement “I reject the Arbitration Agreement accompanying the Mets Member Clubhouse Program Terms and Conditions.” If Member exercises the right to reject arbitration, the terms and conditions contained herein, other than this Arbitration Agreement, shall remain in full force and effect.

MEMBER IS DEEMED TO HAVE AGREED TO THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF ANY ACCOMPANYING PARTY(IES) AS THEIR PARENT OR GUARDIAN OR AS THEIR AUTHORIZED AGENT OF THEIR PARENT OR GUARDIAN). IF MEMBER DOES NOT WISH TO OR IS NOT AUTHORIZED TO MAKE SUCH AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF ANY ACCOMPANYING PARTY, MEMBER SHOULD IMMEDIATELY NOTIFY THE METS.

Except as necessary in connection with a judicial challenge to or enforcement of an arbitration award, or unless otherwise required by law or judicial decision, Member and the Mets agree that the arbitration procedure will be confidential. All conduct, statements, promises, offers, views and opinions, oral or written, expressed during the arbitration by any party or a party’s agent, employee or attorney will remain confidential and, where appropriate, will be considered work product and privileged and the existence and the results of the arbitration will be maintained by the parties and their respective agents, employees, professionals and attorneys as confidential at all times.

These Terms shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York, without regard to its conflicts of laws principles. Subject to the Arbitration Agreement above, the Mets and each Member irrevocably agrees that any legal action, suit or proceeding against them arising out of or in connection with the Program or these Terms or disputes relating hereto (whether for breach of contract, tortious conduct or otherwise) shall be brought exclusively in the state or federal courts in the county of Queens or the county of New York in the State of New York and the Mets and each Member hereby irrevocably accepts and submits to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the aforesaid courts in personam, with respect to any such action, suit or proceeding, and waives any claim that such forum or venue is inconvenient or any similar claim.

If a Member has any questions about the Program, please reference the Program FAQ. Otherwise, the Mets can be contacted via email at SeasonTicketServices@nymets.com .