Thank you for your interest in the Washington Nationals auto renewing ticket package. In order to be qualified for an auto renewing payment plan, please complete the form below. Once we've received your information, a Nationals representative will follow up with you to coordinate all the details of your ticket package

This SEASON TICKET Agreement (the “AGREEMENT”) and your membership/plan will automatically renew on an annual basis on September 1 each year, unless cancelled in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in the cancellation section below. If you cancel, such cancellation will be effective at the end of the Season during which you cancel. This means that you will be required to pay in full for your membership/plan For the SEASON in which you cancel in accordance with the Payment Details section below, but the Nationals will not automatically renew your membership/plan for the following year.

This Agreement contains a payment authorization to charge your credit or debit card. If you do not cancel your membership/plan by following the instructions below, then on or about September 1 of each year, we will begin charging the credit or debit card you initially provided for the installment payment(s) specified in the applicable invoice.

The terms and conditions below contain an individual arbitration agreement and class action waiver (** COLLECTIVELY, the “Arbitration Agreement”).**

A separate agreement between you and Washington Nationals Baseball Club, LLC (the “Nationals” or “Washington Nationals”) must be signed in order to finalize the purchase. A Nationals account representative will distribute an agreement to you electronically to the email address that you have provided to us and the agreement must be signed in order for you to complete your purchase. If you do not execute the agreement within the time period specified by the Nationals, the Nationals may cancel your purchase and/or require you to pay a higher price for your membership or plan.

Your membership/plan details will be included in a separate agreement provided by your Nationals account representative and in the email receipt you receive following purchase. During any subsequent Season (as defined below), the total number of games included in your annual membership/plan will be set forth in the applicable dues notification (each, a “Dues Notification”).

You may change your seat location(s) by reaching out to your individual ticket representative, subject to availability at the time of the request.

You shall pay the Nationals the annual commitment and any shipping and handling fees provided by the Nationals and as specified in your email receipt you receive following purchase for the current Season and for each Season thereafter unless you or the Nationals cancel your annual membership/plan as provided in this Agreement (“Annual Commitment“). You shall pay your Annual Commitment for the applicable Season in full by no later than June 15 of the applicable year. For the current Season, you shall make as few as one (1) and as many as ten (10) equal payments, depending on the date that you pay the deposit for your annual membership/plan (“Initial Deposit Date”). The precise number of payments you will make for the current Season is set forth in the chart immediately below this paragraph. Each payment is at 0% Annual Percentage Rate (“APR”) and will be automatically deducted from the credit or debit card that is listed on your account.

For each subsequent Season, regardless of how many payments you make this Season, you hereby authorize the Nationals to automatically charge ten (10) equal payments at 0% APR to the credit or debit card listed on your account. Each subsequent Season, you will be automatically charged on or about: 9/1, 10/15, 11/15, 12/15, 1/15, 2/15, 3/15, 4/15, 5/15, and 6/15. Payments made beginning in September of a given year will apply to your annual membership/plan for the Season beginning in the subsequent year. For example, a payment made on September 1, 2025 will be applied to your annual membership/plan for the 2026 Season. If any payment date does not fall on a business day, then you will be charged on the following business day.

It is your responsibility to keep your debit or credit card information up to date with the Nationals. If you change your debit or credit card information, you must notify your individual ticket representative or email stcomments@nationals.com.

The following shows when you will be automatically charged for the current Season based on your Initial Deposit Date:

By September 1, 2025: 10 equal installments to be charged on: the Initial Deposit Date; 10/15/25; 11/15/25; 12/15/25; 1/15/26; 2/15/26; 3/15/26; 4/15/26; 5/15/26; and 6/15/26

October 16, 2025 through November 14, 2025: 9 equal installments to be charged on: the Initial Deposit Date; 11/15/25; 12/15/25; 1/15/26; 2/15/26; 3/15/26; 4/15/26; 5/15/26; and 6/15/26

November 15, 2025 through December 14, 2025: 8 equal installments to be charged on: the Initial Deposit Date; 12/15/25; 1/15/26; 2/15/26; 3/15/26; 4/15/26; 5/15/26; and 6/15/26

December 15, 2025 through January 14, 2026: 7 equal installments to be charged on: the Initial Deposit Date; 1/15/26; 2/15/26; 3/15/26; 4/15/26; 5/15/26; and 6/15/26

January 15, 2026 through February 14, 2026: 6 equal installments to be charged on: the Initial Deposit Date; 2/15/26; 3/15/26; 4/15/26; 5/15/26; and 6/15/26

February 15, 2026 through March 14, 2026: 5 equal installments to be charged on: the Initial Deposit Date; 3/15/26; 4/15/26; 5/15/26; and 6/15/26

March 15, 2026 through April 14, 2026: 4 equal installments to be charged on: the Initial Deposit Date; 4/15/26; 5/15/26; and 6/15/26

April 15, 2026 through May 14, 2026: 3 equal installments to be charged on: the Initial Deposit Date; 5/15/26; and 6/15/26

May 15, 2026 through June 14, 2026: 2 equal installments to be charged on: the Initial Deposit Date; and 6/15/26

After June 15, 2026: 1 installment to be charged on the Initial Deposit Date

AUTORENEWAL OF ANNUAL MEMBERSHIP/PLAN

Your membership/plan will automatically renew on an annual basis on September 1 each year, unless you cancel in accordance with the Cancellation section below. You understand that your Annual Commitment for any subsequent Season may increase, and the Nationals will provide you with a Dues Notification and/or invoice that will set forth your Annual Commitment for the applicable Season. This Agreement is not a guaranty that you will be offered the opportunity to buy any particular tickets for any particular Season.

How to Cancel Your Annual Membership/Plan

Your membership/plan is an annual commitment. That means that you will be obligated to make all payments under this Agreement for the applicable Season even if you follow the steps below to cancel your annual membership/plan during that Season. By way of example only, you sign up for your annual membership/plan on September 1 and agree to pay a total Annual Commitment of $1,000.00, broken up into ten (10) equal monthly payments of $100.00 (Congratulations – the Nationals are honored to have you onboard!). If you cancel your annual membership/plan on March 16 by following the steps below (the Nationals are very sad to see you go!), you will still be obligated to pay (and will be charged) $100.00 in April, May, and June, and you will be able to enjoy the benefits of your annual membership/plan through the end of the Season. However, your annual membership/plan will not automatically renew, and the Nationals will be free to resell the tickets you purchased under this Agreement at the end of the Season.

You may cancel your annual membership/plan at any time by any of the following methods:

By email to stcomments@nationals.com . You must send the cancellation email from the email address associated with your account. Your cancellation email must include your full name and account number.

By calling your individual ticket representative or (202) 675-6287 (NATS). You will be asked for your account number during the phone call. So that we can better serve our customers, you may be asked to provide your reason for cancellation.

By navigating to the link here ( https://www.mlb.com/nationals/tickets/season-tickets/plans/plan-opt-out ) and completing the Opt-Out Form.

If you have any questions regarding the cancellation process, please contact your individual account representative or email stcomments@nationals.com .

How the Nationals May Cancel Your Subscription

The Nationals may cancel this Agreement at any time in its sole discretion.

Each Season you will be sent a Dues Notification to the email address provided.. If you changed your email address in accordance with this Agreement, then your Dues Notification will be sent to your updated email address. If you do not receive your Dues Notification on or about August 1 of the applicable year, it is your responsibility to contact your individual account representative immediately. Your Dues Notification will contain information about the renewal price of your Annual Commitment for the applicable Season, which may be at a higher rate than the current or previous Season, and instructions on how to cancel your annual membership/plan. It is your responsibility to keep your email address up to date with the Nationals. If you change your email address, you must notify your individual account representative or email stcomments@nationals.com.

This Agreement and your membership/plan may be subject to the Truth in Lending Act (“TILA”). All applicable TILA disclosures and other related terms will be set forth in the separate agreement provided by your Nationals account representative.

You hereby authorize the Nationals to collect the payments in the amounts and on the dates set forth above, and in the Dues Notification and/or invoice we send you for each following Season (or in any modified payment schedule to which you and us may agree) less any prepayments or other credits applied to this amount (including, without limitation, any Postseason Credit) by initiating a charge to the credit or debit card specified online in your Tickets.com account, or any subsequent credit or debit card(s) you provide to the Nationals (your “Card”) (each charge, a “Charge”). If any payment subject to this invoice is returned unpaid, you authorize the Nationals to resubmit a charge up to two (2) additional times (or any greater number permitted by law) and/or cancel your annual membership/plan immediately.

In the event the Nationals make an error in processing a Charge, you authorize the Nationals to correct the error. If you inadvertently transpose a digit or make a similar error when providing information about a payment method, you authorize the Nationals to correct the error after verifying the information with you. Instead of or in addition to any payments described above, you authorize the Nationals to initiate a Charge to the Card for any amount and on any date that you subsequently confirm by phone, text message, or email.

You have the right to receive written notice if any payment will vary from the amount authorized above. To exercise this right, send a written request to your individual ticket representative; otherwise, you authorize the Nationals to vary the amount of any scheduled payment without notice, so long as such payment is at least 80% and no more than 110% of the amount you authorize above.

You understand that your financial institution may charge you a fee if any payment authorized above is dishonored or returned unpaid, and you agree that the Nationals will have no liability regarding any such fees. You understand that a Charge may not immediately post to the Card. You agree to notify the Nationals immediately of any change in the status of your Card. You certify that you are an authorized user of the Card. Each Charge to the Card will be processed in U.S. dollars.

You may revoke this authorization by calling (202) 675-6287 (NATS) or emailing stcomments@nationals.com in such time and manner as to afford the Nationals a reasonable opportunity (typically three business days) to act on your request. If you revoke this authorization, you will still be responsible for paying any amounts you owe.

The Agreement (but not the Arbitration Agreement) shall be governed by the internal laws of the District of Columbia, without regard to its conflicts of laws, rules or policies.

Individual Arbitration Agreement & Class Action Waiver

Set forth below is the binding arbitration provision and class action waiver for disputes arising out of or relating in any way to this Agreement (collectively, the “Arbitration Agreement”).

If you have any issue arising out of or relating to this Agreement, including (without limitation) a problem with a ticket or your annual membership/plan, you should first promptly contact your individual ticket representative to attempt to resolve the matter quickly and amicably. If, after thirty (30) days from your first contact with the Nationals, any dispute is not resolved informally, the dispute must then be resolved in accordance with this Arbitration Agreement.

Unless prohibited by federal law, the Washington Nationals and you each may elect to resolve any and all claims and disputes arising out of or relating in any way to the Agreement through BINDING INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION.

“Claims” has the broadest reasonable meaning and also includes, without limitation, initial claims, counterclaims, cross-claims and third-party claims; disputes based upon contract, negligence, fraud and other intentional torts, constitution, statute, regulation, ordinance, common law and equity; and data breach or privacy claims. Claims are subject to arbitration even if they arise out of or relate to actions, omissions or other conduct that occurred prior to the date Account Holder agrees to this Agreement.

This Arbitration Agreement involves interstate commerce and shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. §§ 1-16 (“ FAA ”), and not by state law. If the Washington Nationals or you elect to resolve a dispute by arbitration, neither shall have the right to a court or jury trial or to participate in a class action or class arbitration. Other customary rights that the Washington Nationals and you would otherwise have if either went to court will not be available or will be more limited in arbitration, including discovery and the right to appeal. The Washington Nationals and you each understand and agree that by allowing each other to elect to resolve any dispute through individual arbitration, WE ARE EACH WAIVING THE RIGHT TO A COURT OR JURY TRIAL. IF EITHER PARTY ELECTS ARBITRATION, THE APPLICABLE DISPUTE SHALL BE ARBITRATED ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS, AND NOT AS A CLASS ACTION, REPRESENTATIVE

ACTION, PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL ACTION, CLASS ARBITRATION OR ANY SIMILAR PROCEEDING. The arbitrator(s) may not consolidate the claims of multiple parties without the express written consent of all parties.

Arbitrations shall be administered by the American Arbitration Association (“ AAA ”) pursuant to the applicable AAA rules in effect at the time the arbitration is initiated. You may obtain information about arbitration, arbitration procedures and fees from AAA by calling 800-778-7879 or visiting www.adr.org. If AAA is unable or unwilling to arbitrate a dispute, then the dispute may be referred to any other arbitration organization or arbitrator that both parties agree upon in writing or that is appointed by a court with jurisdiction pursuant to Section 5 of the FAA. The arbitration shall take place in the District of Columbia. The arbitrator shall be authorized to award any relief that would have been available in an individual action in court, provided that the arbitrator’s authority is limited to the Washington Nationals and you alone, except as otherwise specifically stated herein. Any finding, award, or judgment from an arbitration of any Claim shall apply only to that arbitration. No finding, award or judgment from any other arbitration shall impact the arbitration of any Claim. The arbitrator’s decision shall be final and binding, except for any appeal rights under the FAA. The Washington Nationals and you agree that this Arbitration Agreement extends to any other parties involved in any Claims. This Arbitration Agreement shall take precedence over the rules of the arbitration organization or arbitrator and the other provisions in these terms and conditions in the event of any conflict.

The Washington Nationals will be responsible for paying all arbitration fees other than the lower amount of filing fees that you would have incurred in either a state or federal court with jurisdiction over the Claims, as applicable. The parties shall also bear the fees and expenses of their own attorneys, experts and witnesses unless otherwise required by applicable law, this Agreement or the administrator’s rules. If the arbitrator determines that any party’s claim or defense is frivolous or wrongfully intended to oppress or harass the other party, the arbitrator may award sanctions in the form of fees and expenses reasonably incurred by the other party if such sanctions could be imposed under Rule 11 of the Federal Rule of Civil Procedure. Notwithstanding any other provision herein, the Washington Nationals or you may seek relief in a small claims court (or an equivalent court) for Claims within its jurisdiction; however, if the dispute is transferred, removed, or appealed to a different court, either party may elect to compel arbitration. In addition, the Washington Nationals or you each may exercise any lawful rights to seek provisional remedies or self-help, without waiving the right to arbitrate by doing so. Either party may also bring an individual action in court that is limited to preventing the other party from obtaining a provisional remedy or using self-help and that does not involve a request for damages or monetary relief of any kind.

If any portion of this Arbitration Agreement is deemed invalid or unenforceable, it shall not invalidate the remaining portions of this Arbitration Agreement, subject to two exceptions: (i) if the foregoing class action waiver and prohibition against class arbitration is determined to be invalid or unenforceable, and that determination is not reversed on appeal, then this entire Arbitration Agreement shall be void; and (ii) if a court determines that a public injunctive relief Claim may proceed notwithstanding the class action waiver and prohibition against class arbitration, and that determination is not reversed on appeal, then the public injunctive relief Claim will be decided by a court, any individual Claims will be arbitrated, and the parties will ask the court to stay the public injunctive relief Claim until the other Claims have been finally concluded. This Arbitration Agreement will survive the termination of the Agreement as well as any season membership/plan and any related agreement, any death, incapacity, sale or assignment, and/or your’s or the Washington Nationals’ bankruptcy or insolvency (to the extent permitted by applicable law).

YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO REJECT THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT, BUT YOU MUST EXERCISE THIS RIGHT PROMPTLY AS SET FORTH BELOW. If you do not wish to be bound by this Arbitration Agreement, you must notify the Washington Nationals in writing within sixty (60) days after the date you agree to these terms and conditions. You must send your request to: Washington Nationals, 1500 South Capitol Street, SE, Washington, DC 20003 Attn: Legal Department. The request must include your full name, address, account number, and the statement “I reject the Arbitration Agreement contained in my Washington Nationals 2026 Season Ticket Account Statement and its attached terms and conditions.” If you exercise your right to reject arbitration, the other terms of the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect as if you had not rejected arbitration.

From time to time the Nationals may provide you with the opportunity to purchase tickets to certain postseason games that may occur at Nationals Park (“Postseason Tickets”). If you in fact purchase Postseason Tickets during any Season of your annual membership/plan and any of the Postseason games for which you purchase Postseason Tickets are never scheduled or are canceled before the gates open to the public for any reason and never rescheduled (“Unplayed Postseason Games”), you will receive a credit on your account equal to the value of the Postseason Tickets you purchased for the Unplayed Postseason Games less any non-refundable processing fees (a “Postseason Credit”). A Postseason Credit will be applied to the Annual Commitment applicable to the Season immediately following the Season during which it is earned. The amount of any Postseason Credit earned in the immediately preceding Season shall be applied to each installment payment of your Annual Commitment (beginning with the installment payment due on 12/15) until it is exhausted. Once exhausted, installments of your Annual Commitment will be Charged to your Card in the manner set forth in this Agreement. The Nationals will notify you via email of any Postseason Credit on your account by 12/1 of each year. By way of example only, if you receive a Postseason Credit of $1,000 for a Season and each installment payment due for your annual membership/plan for the Season is $750, no Charge will be made to your Card on 12/15 that Season, $500 will be Charged to your Card on 1/15 the following year, and each subsequent installment Charged to your Card will be in the amount of $750. Any Postseason Credit earned in the final Season of this Agreement will remain in your account and can only be used by you towards the purchase of plans or memberships for the following Season.