This Season Ticket Agreement (this “Agreement”) is entered into between the purchaser of season tickets (“Account Holder”) and Pittsburgh Associates (the “Pirates”).

In consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements hereinafter set forth and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:

THIS AGREEMENT CONTAINS AN AUTOMATIC RENEWAL FEATURE. YOU WILL BE CHARGED, AND PAYMENTS WILL CONTINUE TO BE PROCESSED, FOR SEASON TICKETS ANNUALLY UNTIL YOU OPT-OUT. YOU WILL BE OFFERED THE OPPORTUNITY TO OPT-OUT ANNUALLY DURING AN OPT-OUT PERIOD, WHICH WILL BE SPECIFIED IN THE APPLICABLE SEASON’S NOTICE OF AUTOMATIC RENEWAL, WHICH WILL BE SENT TO YOU PRIOR TO THE START OF EACH SEASON. PLEASE SEE SECTION 4 FOR DETAILS.

THIS AGREEMENT INCLUDES AN ARBITRATION PROVISION WITH A CLASS ACTION AND JURY TRIAL WAIVER. THE ARBITRATION PROVISION MAY HAVE A SUBSTANTIAL IMPACT ON THE WAY IN WHICH YOU OR THE PIRATES RESOLVE ANY CLAIM.

1. GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS

a. Account Holder hereby agrees to purchase a season ticket package, which shall consist of tickets to a designated number of individual Pirates games. Each individual game ticket is a limited, revocable license issued by the Pirates to attend the baseball game listed on the applicable ticket.

b. The “Account” is the revocable license granted by this Agreement to purchase the tickets specified in the Account Holder’s personalized URL for the price set forth in the Account Holder’s personalized URL. All Account sales are final and no refunds or exchanges will be made, except as expressly provided in this Agreement. The Pirates reserve the right to set a limit on how many season tickets an Account Holder may purchase.

c. The terms and conditions applicable to the Account include those provided:

ii. on each individual game ticket;

iii. on the Pirates website at www.pirates.com (including, without limitation, the Guest Conduct standards posted online at www.pirates.com/a-z) ;

iv. on any signage in PNC Park; and

v. orally or in writing by authorized team or stadium personnel,

each of which are incorporated by reference in this Agreement.

d. The Pirates reserve the right to amend or supplement the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement at any time. The Pirates may amend or supplement this Agreement either by providing written notice to Account Holder or by posting information about and/or amendments or supplements to the terms and conditions online at www.pirates.com. It is the responsibility of Account Holder to read and comply with all updated terms and conditions at all times. The Pirates are not responsible for problems, losses, or inconveniences experienced because Account Holder did not read information regarding the Account or this Agreement or because the information was mailed to a former or incorrect physical or e-mail address.

e. Accounts are not transferrable. This Agreement, the Account, and any rights Account Holder may have hereunder shall not be assigned or transferred in any manner, whether voluntarily, by operation of law, or otherwise, by Account Holder to any other person or entity without the express written consent of the Pirates. Only Account Holder of record is allowed to make any changes to the Account. The Pirates reserve the right to require Account Holder to provide proof of identity and authorization to act before making any Account changes. It is the responsibility of Account Holder to notify the Pirates of any changes in Account Holder’s contact information.

f. The Pirates may provide an electronic ticket resale and/or transfer system (the “System”). Any and all use of the System is subject to the terms and conditions associated with the Account and with accessing the System. The Pirates reserve the right to suspend, modify, replace, and/or cancel the System at any time in their sole discretion. The Pirates reserve the right to disengage Account Holder’s access to electronically post for sale and forward tickets or revoke Account Holder’s Account if the Account and/or System terms and conditions are violated.

g. Account Holder agrees that it is a material breach of this Agreement for Account Holder to (or attempt to) sell, trade, or otherwise transfer for value more than 50% of the tickets purchased through their Account without the express written consent of the Pirates.

h. Without the express written consent of the Pirates, the Account and tickets obtained by Account Holder shall not be used for advertising, promotion (including contests and sweepstakes), or other trade or commercial purposes.

i. Season ticket plans do not confer any ownership or leasehold rights on Account Holder . Season ticket plans are offered on a single-season basis only. The purchase of season tickets for the current season does not entitle Account Holder to purchase season tickets or to have tickets for a particular seat or seating area in any subsequent season. Season ticket sales in future seasons are subject to any changes, limitations, and/or deadlines that have been or may be imposed by the Pirates. In particular, the Pirates expressly reserve the right to:

i. change season ticket policies and prices at any time and for any reason;

ii. apply components of season ticket purchases, such as policies, prices, or Benefits (as defined below), differently to different persons or entities, including, without limitation, persons who are engaged in reselling tickets (whether licensed to do so or not);

iii. charge an administrative fee in connection with any reissuance of tickets that are lost or stolen or any approved correction or change to Account information; or

iv. refuse to sell future season tickets to any individual or entity, including, but not limited to, individuals or entities who:

A. fail to comply with any applicable payment deadline or other condition or restriction;

B. resell tickets to third parties (whether licensed to do so or not); or

C. engage in, or permit the use of their tickets by any person who engages in, conduct prohibited by team or stadium policies, including, without limitation, the Guest Conduct standards posted online at www.pirates.com/a-z.

j. If the Pirates are authorized by Major League Baseball to issue Postseason tickets, Account Holder may be entitled to purchase one (1) ticket for every possible Postseason game for each seat held in the Account. Account Holder agrees that it is a material breach of this Agreement for Account Holder to (or attempt to) sell, trade, or otherwise transfer for value more than 50% of the Postseason tickets purchased through their Account without the express written consent of the Pirates. Postseason tickets may be subject to additional terms and conditions. The Pirates reserve the right to offer Account Holder relocated seats for Postseason games. To the extent that any Postseason games purchased by an Account Holder are not played, Account Holder may be offered the opportunity to seek a refund of amounts paid for unplayed Postseason games, less any applicable service charges or fees, or to request that amounts paid for unplayed Postseason games be applied to future ticket charges. In the event that Account Holder opts to have such amounts applied to future ticket charges, however, such decision does not automatically confer any right on Account Holder to purchase tickets in the future, including, without limitation, season tickets. The Pirates reserve the right to refund any amounts paid for unplayed Postseason games to Account Holder, without interest or damages of any kind, in the event that the Pirates determine, in their sole discretion, not to grant Account Holder a license to purchase tickets in the future.

k. Certain Account Holders may be eligible to receive benefits, experiences, and discounts (“Benefits”) in addition to their game tickets at no additional charge. The Pirates have sole discretion to determine which Account Holders qualify for such Benefits. Benefits may be modified, revoked, or terminated by the Pirates, as to an individual Account Holder or all Account Holders, at any time and for any reason, without compensation or damages of any kind. Account Holders that sell, trade, or otherwise transfer for value more than 50% of the tickets purchased through their Account may not be eligible for any Benefits.

l. The Pirates are not responsible for lost tickets, stolen tickets, or tickets left at another location. Tickets may be replaced at the sole discretion of the Pirates and the Pirates may impose an additional cost on replacement tickets in their sole discretion. Stolen season tickets will be replaced only upon written request made by Account Holder, accompanied by a police report identifying the theft of the tickets. In the event the Pirates replace any ticket, the replacement ticket will be honored over the original ticket in all cases and the original ticket will be null and void.

m. Account Holder hereby gives permission to the Pirates to contact Account Holder about Account Holder’s tickets and other commercial opportunities via mail, email, phone, or text message. Account Holder may revoke this authorization at any time by emailing such request to ticketservices@pirates.com .

n. Account Holder, on their behalf and on behalf of any individual who uses Account Holder’s ticket(s), including any minor(s) (each, an “Accompanying Party”), grants the Pirates, Major League Baseball, and their designees the unrestricted, worldwide right and license in perpetuity to use Account Holder’s and any Accompanying Party’s image, likeness, name, voice, comments and/or other proprietary or public rights in any media taken before, during, or after a game without compensation or further authorization.

Account Holder may elect to make payment in full for their 2027 season tickets via debt or credit card by calling their designated account manager or Ticket Services at 1-800-BUY-BUCS (1-800-289-2827), or by check made payable to “Pittsburgh Pirates” and mailed to Ticket Services, PNC Park, 115 Federal Street, Pittsburgh, PA 15212.

If Account Holder does not elect to make payment in full for their 2027 season tickets, Account Holder will make as many as seven (7) approximately equal payments, depending on the date Account Holder first placed their order for 2027 season tickets (the “Initial Payment Date”). The Initial Payment Date for Account Holders whose Account automatically renewed for the 2027 season will be August 3, 2026.

Account Holder will make their first payment for their 2027 season tickets on their Initial Payment Date and will make up to six (6) additional payments on the dates set forth in the chart below. Each payment will carry a 0% Annual Percentage Rate and will be automatically deducted from Account Holder’s credit or debit card as stated in Section 5 below.

The following chart shows when Account Holder will be automatically charged for the 2027 season based on Account Holder’s Initial Payment Date:

Seven (7) installments to be charged on: the Initial Payment Date; 9/1/2026; 10/1/2026; 11/2/2026; 12/1/2026; 1/4/2027; and 2/1/2027.

August 16, 2026 – September 15, 2026

Six (6) installments to be charged on: the Initial Payment Date; 10/1/2026; 11/2/2026; 12/1/2026; 1/4/2027; and 2/1/2027.

September 16, 2026 – October 15, 2026

Five (5) installments to be charged on: the Initial Payment Date; 11/2/2026; 12/1/2026; 1/4/2027; and 2/1/2027.

October 16, 2026 – November 15, 2026

Four (4) installments to be charged on: the Initial Payment Date; 12/1/2026; 1/4/2027; and 2/1/2027.

November 16, 2026 – December 15, 2026

Three (3) installments to be charged on: the Initial Payment Date; 1/4/2027; and 2/1/2027.

December 16, 2026 – January 15, 2027

Two (2) installments to be charged on: the Initial Payment Date; and 2/1/2027.

One (1) installment to be charged on the Initial Payment Date

If Account Holder’s Account automatically renews for subsequent seasons pursuant to Section 4, Account Holder will be automatically charged on or around 8/1, 9/1, 10/1, 11/1, 12/1, 1/1, and 2/1 prior to such season. Such payments shall apply to season tickets for the following season. Exact payment dates for each season following the 2027 season will be confirmed in the annual Notice of Automatic Renewal.

If Account Holder has elected to pay for season tickets in more than four (4) installments, the following information is provided in connection with the Truth In Lending Act:

Creditor: The creditor is Pittsburgh Associates.

Annual Percentage Rate: The cost of your credit as a yearly rate is 0%.

Finance Charge: You will not be charged a credit or finance fee in connection with the purchase of season tickets.

Amount Financed: The amount financed for your season tickets will be equal to the amount of the purchase price for the tickets specified in your personalized URL.

Total of Payments: The amount you will have paid for your season tickets after you have made all payments on a timely basis will be equal to the amount of the purchase price for your season tickets specified in your personalized URL.

Total Sale Price: The total cost of your season tickets will be equal to the amount of the purchase price for the tickets specified in your personalized URL.

Number of Payments: The total number of payments is based on the Initial Payment Date as set forth in Section 2.

Amount of Each Payment: The amount of each payment is based on: (i) the total purchase price for the tickets; and (ii) the number of payments.

Prepayment: You will not be charged a penalty if you elect to prepay amounts owed.

Account Holder agrees that if after the conclusion of a season, the Pirates choose to offer Account Holder the opportunity to purchase season tickets for a subsequent season, this Agreement is subject to automatic renewal. If the Pirates choose to offer Account Holder the opportunity to purchase season tickets for a subsequent season, the Pirates will provide Account Holder with a written Notice of Automatic Renewal by electronic transmission at least thirty (30) days and not more than sixty (60) days prior to the cancellation deadline stated in the Notice of Automatic Renewal. The Notice of Automatic Renewal will also identify the seat(s) offered to Account Holder for the subsequent season and state the amount due for renewal, which may be higher than the rate for the previous season. If Account Holder does not wish to purchase season tickets for the subsequent season, Account Holder must provide the Pirates with written notice pursuant to the instructions provided in the Notice of Automatic Renewal on or before the cancellation deadline. Account Holder may also cancel their automatic renewal by completing the Pirates STH Opt-Out Form located in the Account Holder’s personalized URL on or before the cancellation deadline. If Account Holder does not cancel their account as set forth herein, Account Holder agrees to purchase season tickets for the subsequent season on the terms set forth in the Notice of Automatic Renewal.

At the time that payment is initially due under this Agreement, Account Holder is required to provide a form of payment for any future payments due under this Agreement or renewals that may be offered. It is the responsibility of Account Holder to keep current credit or debit card information on file with the Pirates and to notify the Pirates of any changes to such information in a timely fashion. Account Holder hereby agrees and authorizes the Pirates, or their agents, service providers, successors, or assigns, to charge the identified form of payment (or any subsequent debit or credit card(s) Account Holder provides to the Pirates) in the amounts and on the dates set forth above for the 2027 season, and in the amount stated in Account Holder’s Notice of Automatic Renewal for any subsequent seasons. Note that as set forth in Section 4, Account Holder’s season tickets in subsequent seasons may be at a higher rate or for seat(s) in a different location. Account Holder may revoke this payment authorization by emailing ticketservices@pirates.com in such time and manner as to afford the Pirates a reasonable opportunity to act upon Account Holder’s request. If Account Holder revokes this authorization, Account Holder will still be responsible for paying all amounts owed under this Agreement. If any payment subject to this Agreement is returned unpaid, Account Holder authorizes the Pirates to resubmit a charge up to two (2) additional times (or any greater number permitted by law) and/or cancel Account Holder’s Account immediately. Account Holder understands that its bank may charge a fee if a payment is returned for insufficient funds, and that the Pirates will have no liability for any such fee.

6. ASSUMPTION OF RISK AND RELEASE :

Account Holder, on their behalf and on behalf of any Accompanying Parties, assumes all risk and danger incidental to attending a game , occurring in and around any part of PNC Park or surrounding grounds, at any time prior to, during, or subsequent to the game (including, but not limited to, injuries from balls, bats, or other objects entering the stands, including objects projected into the stands for entertainment purposes). Account Holder, on their behalf and on behalf of any Accompanying Parties, agrees to waive and release any claim that the Pirates, PNC Park, the Sports & Exhibition Authority of Pittsburgh and Allegheny County, the Office of the Commissioner of Baseball, the Major League Baseball Clubs, each of their respective affiliates, and each of their respective partners, shareholders, members, officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives, operators, vendors, and sponsors are liable or responsible for losses or injuries to person or property arising from or related in any way to Account Holder’s or any Accompanying Party’s attendance at a game. Please stay alert and be aware of your surroundings.

a. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, without regard to its conflicts of law principles. ACCOUNT HOLDER AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS OR DISPUTES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE PURCHASE, SALE, OR USE OF PIRATES TICKETS, OR ATTENDANCE AT PIRATES GAMES (“CLAIMS”) SHALL BE RESOLVED EXCLUSIVELY THROUGH MANDATORY, CONFIDENTIAL, FINAL, AND BINDING ARBITRATION HELD IN PITTSBURGH, PA. Account Holder agrees that all Claims shall be arbitrated on an individual basis only, and shall not be consolidated or joined with or in any arbitration or other proceeding involving a claim of any other party. Account Holder WAIVES ALL RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL in any action or proceeding involving any Claim.

b. The Pirates may terminate this Agreement at any time by providing written notice to Account Holder. In the event of termination, the Pirates shall refund the pro rata portion of the license fee for the remainder of the season to Account Holder within a reasonable time, unless termination is the result of Account Holder’s material breach of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, in which case Account Holder shall not be entitled to any refund, future credit, or damages of any kind.

c. By tendering a payment to the Pirates, creating the Account, accepting tickets, or redeeming any tickets for admission to any game, Account Holder expressly agrees to be bound by these terms and conditions.