As a “Season Member” (as that term is defined below with the Tampa Bay Rays ("Rays"), you are a valued and important part of our organization. To assure prompt and efficient response to your requests and needs, we kindly request your compliance with the following policies and procedures. By sending us payment (the “Membership Fee”) for a Rays Season Membership (“Season Membership”), you indicate your willingness to comply with the terms and conditions set forth herein (collectively, the “Policies and Procedures”) . Please read this information carefully. The terms "Season Member," "permanent rights holder" and "contact name" are collectively hereinafter referred to as "Season Member."

The Rays own and control all rights to seat locations for Rays home games at Tropicana Field (the "Stadium"). A purchaser of a Season Membership obtains a license, in the form of account credit, to use toward tickets to regular season home games at Tropicana Field during the 2027 season (the “Term”) in accordance with the provisions of the section of these Policies and Procedures entitled “Season Membership Details”. The Rays in their sole and absolute discretion may revoke this license at any time upon refunding the purchase price of the Season Membership. By way of example only, without limiting in any way the Rays' discretionary right under all circumstances, if it appears to the Rays, in their sole and absolute discretion, that an individual or entity has purchased a Season Membership primarily for resale purposes and not for their own personal use in attending games at Tropicana Field, the Rays shall have the right to revoke this license at any time by refunding the purchase price of unused tickets. The Rays in their sole and absolute discretion may revoke this license at any time upon misconduct by the Season Member without refund. This license is granted on a game-to-game basis, and is subject to all rules, regulations and policies relating to tickets as established from time to time by the Rays, the Stadium and Major League Baseball.

A Flexible Season Member receives a ticket bank (the “Bank”) that allows the Season Member to use money on account during the Term toward regular season single game tickets and parking. The Bank may not be used to purchase tickets for postseason games. The Membership Fee will be loaded onto a Rays Account (the “Account”). Season Member’s usage of the Account shall be subject to compliance with all terms and conditions of Rays Ticket Accounts as set forth at www.raysbaseball.com/myaccount . All purchases shall be based on prices set by the Rays and in place at the time of purchase. Prices are subject to change in the Rays’ sole discretion. All purchases are subject to availability.

How to utilize the Bank: Flexible Season Members will log into his/her Rays Ticket Account and use the Bank to purchase single game tickets and parking. If a Traditional Season Member, these policies and procedures shall govern the Traditional Season Member’s usage of the tickets:

A Flexible Season Member may select and pay for (the “Membership Fee”) a Membership Tier ranging from $1,000-$20,000. If the Flexible Season Member is on a payment plan, the Rays will grant the Season Member access to their full Bank if their Account is at least 50% paid. If a Season Member defaults on their payment plan, the Season Member’s Account and Bank will be frozen and none of the future game tickets they have purchased will be available for use and other tickets may be purchased.

The Member will be able to view his/her own tickets as well as forward tickets via the MLB Ballpark App.

Additional details: The Bank is to be spent during the Term. The Rays will not allow rollover to the next season after the Term of any remaining balance in the Bank. The Rays will not allow any remaining balance in the bank following the regular season to be used to purchase postseason tickets.

The Season Member is the permanent rights holder (whether person or business) on the original application for tickets, and that person or business is assigned an account. If the Season Member is an entity, a contact name must be provided to the Rays. The entity may request a change in the name of the contact person for its account. A request to change the contact person of an entity must be submitted to the Rays in writing on company or entity letterhead and signed by an authorized officer. A Season Membership should be paid for by check or credit card. If a third-party payment is accepted by the Rays, such acceptance shall not give the third party any Season Member or renewal privileges, or cause or require the Rays to change the name of the Season Member on the account. The Rays will treat the Season Member as the purchaser of a Season Membership in such circumstances, including for purposes of a Season Membership renewal.

Season Member Privileges Non-Transferable

Season Members are prohibited from transferring their account credit or traditional seat location to any person, whether by a request to transfer the account into another name, or by an attempt to transfer the account credit or the renewal privilege described below by sale, gift, transfer by will or trust, property settlement, transfer to creditors, or any other means. Therefore, any attempt to sell or otherwise transfer Season Member privileges to third parties will not be recognized by the Rays and may result in cancellation of all Season Member privileges. Any court order directing distribution of the Season Membership to a person not listed as the Season Member, whether in bankruptcy or otherwise, may result in the exercise by the Rays of their right to immediately withdraw the license represented by the Season Membership, including any Season Member renewal privileges, upon refund by the Rays of all amounts paid for games that have not yet been played.

The Rays generally recognize two exceptions to the above policy. First, the Rays will generally allow a Season Membership to be transferred to members of the Season Member’s immediate family upon the death of the Season Member. Immediate family shall be defined as a person's spouse and relatives by birth or marriage including siblings, parents, children, in-laws, and any financial dependents. A request to transfer Season Membership privileges to an immediate family member of a deceased Season Member must be submitted to the Rays in writing by the deceased's personal representative or other authorized representative, and must be supported by appropriate documentation satisfactory to the Rays. Such documentation may include but not be limited to death certificate, probate and/or trust documents, and proof of relationship.

Second, if the Season Member is an entity, the Rays will generally allow Season Memberships to be transferred upon the sale or dissolution of an entity. A request to transfer Season Membership privileges of an entity account must be submitted to the Rays in writing by the contact person for the account and must be supported by appropriate documentation satisfactory to the Rays. Such documentation may include but not be limited to corporate resolution, asset or stock purchase agreement, and dissolution papers. The Rays reserve the right to approve or reject any such requests at their sole and absolute discretion.

The Season Member understands, acknowledges and agrees that the Rays have the right to automatically renew the Season Membership (“Season Membership Renewal”) on an annual basis unless the Season Member cancels his/her Season Membership or opts out of Season Membership Renewal as set forth herein. During each season’s annual renewal period, the Season Member will receive an invoice with the amount of the Membership Fee for the next season and the payment schedule therefore. The Season Member may cancel or opt out of Season Membership Renewal by providing written notice to the Rays prior to the end of the thirty (30) day notification period set forth in the invoice and in the manner set forth in the invoice. If the Season Member does not cancel or opt out of Season Membership Renewal in accordance with the foregoing requirements, the Season Member’s credit card will be charged for the Membership Fee for the next season and the Season Member will be responsible for the Membership Fee for the next season. Ticket plans, pricing, Membership tiers and seating categories are subject to change each season.

Subject to these policies and procedures a Season Member has an opportunity to renew the Season Member’s current Membership Tier for the next Rays season. The Rays reserve the right to change Membership Tiers from year to year. The opportunity to renew is a privilege granted by the Rays and may be revoked at the Rays' sole and absolute discretion. This renewal privilege is exercised when payment is received for the Season Membership in the amount specified and by the date established by the Rays. This renewal privilege is revocable by the Rays at any time prior to payment or if payment is not received by the established due date. Rays will exercise reasonable efforts to maintain renewal privileges for Season Members at the Stadium; however, Season Members are not guaranteed this opportunity. The Rays will consider, among other things, violations by Season Members of rules, regulations and policies of the Rays, the Stadium and Major League Baseball in deciding whether to revoke renewal privileges. Such violations include, without limitation, any unapproved transfer or attempt to transfer rights to Season Memberships as discussed above. Any benefit associated with the purchase and/or renewal of a Rays Season Membership, including but not limited to any renewal discount applied against the price of a new Season Membership, the priority number system described in the next paragraph, and the opportunity itself to renew Season Memberships, may be withheld, adjusted and/or revoked by the Rays at any time with respect to any one or more individuals and entities as determined by the Rays in their sole and absolute discretion. In deciding whether to permit the renewal of Season Memberships as well as the price at which the Season Membership would be renewed, the Rays reserve the right to take into account, among other things, that a particular individual or entity resold an amount of their tickets purchased such that it appears to the Rays, in their sole and absolute discretion, that the individual or entity is possessing the Season Membership primarily for resale purposes and not for their own personal use in attending games at Tropicana Field. The Rays further reserve the right to adjust benefits as well as to make decisions on the renewal of Season Memberships on a case-by-case basis as well as on a year-to-year basis. In addition, renewal privileges could be affected from time to time by changes to the Stadium and/or the Stadium seating areas (such as, for example, the elimination of seats and/or damage or destruction to the Stadium or other events or circumstances) as determined by the Rays in their sole and absolute discretion. If you do not receive the appropriate renewal mailings and/or emails, please contact Season Member Services at (727) 825-3250. If you do not contact Season Member Services within a reasonable time, the Rays may revoke your renewal privilege and your priority number(s). All payments received for Season Memberships are non-refundable and non-transferable.

The Rays have adopted the following policy for the assignment of a priority number to each new Season Member: (1) priority numbers are assigned sequentially as Season Members subscribe or have subscribed; (2) a priority number may only be transferred as designated in the Season Membership Non-Transferable section of this document.

Fully paid Flexible Season Membership accounts will have access to their account credit when single game tickets are made available for purchase or approximately two (2) business days after the account is at least 50% paid (whichever is later). Season Memberships and their associated benefits will be available to the Season Member via their online membership account.

If any check is returned unpaid, the Rays or their authorized agent may then debit the Season Member’s checking account for the amount of the check, a $40 service charge, plus any additional charges assessed by the financial institution as a result of the dishonored check. Payment by check constitutes acceptance of these terms. A returned check also may result in cancellation of a Season Membership account in the Rays' sole discretion. The Rays reserve the right to refuse payment by personal check at any time.

It is the Rays' policy to accommodate as many Season Members as possible during any postseason play at the Stadium. Season Members will have the opportunity to purchase postseason tickets as to be determined by the Rays after the requirements of the Office of the Commissioner of Major League Baseball and the Rays organization have been met. Season Members will be notified of specific policies and procedures prior to any postseason play.

Lost or stolen tickets can be re-issued only under the conditions set forth by Rays management, and only to the Season Member. Replacement tickets will be issued upon payment of the full face value of the lost tickets. Reports of stolen tickets must be accompanied by a police report indicating the circumstances of the theft. Stolen tickets (with police report) will be replaced without additional charges. If lost tickets are later recovered, a refund of additional charges may be obtained by sending the unused lost tickets and the replacement tickets to Rays Season Member Services, within thirty (30) days after the game for which you required the replacement tickets. Please contact Rays Season Member Services at (727) 825-3250 to determine eligibility for replacement tickets.

It is the Season Member’s responsibility to notify Rays Season Member Services, in writing, of any change of address to insure prompt delivery of notices and other dated material. The Season Member must sign the change of address.

All notices and requests relating to a Season Membership account, whether or not described above, must be given in writing by the Season Member and sent to the attention of Rays Season Member Services. No notice or request will be effective or acted upon by the Rays until received in writing. All correspondence concerning a Season Membership account should include the account number and daytime phone number for the Season Member. Notices and requests from the Rays are communicated to Season Members via several methods, independent of and/or in combination with each other, and include but are not limited to U.S. Postal Service, telephone or e-mail. It is the Season Members sole responsibility to maintain accurate, current and complete contact information on their Rays Season Membership account.

It is understood and agreed that these Policies and Procedures are governed by and are subject to the Terms and Conditions ("Terms") available at www.raysbaseball.com/myaccount . In the event of any conflict between the Policies and Procedures and the Terms, it is agreed that the Terms shall control. Please note that the Terms have been updated to address circumstances related to COVID-19. By purchasing a Season Membership, you accept all the Terms applicable to Season Membership purchase and usage, including the updated Terms.

COVID-19 IS AN EXTREMELY CONTAGIOUS DISEASE THAT CAN LEAD TO SEVERE ILLNESS AND DEATH. AN INHERENT RISK OF EXPOSURE TO COVID-19 EXISTS IN ANY PUBLIC PLACE REGARDLESS OF PRECAUTIONS THAT MAY BE TAKEN. SEASON MEMBER, ON SEASON MEMBER’S BEHALF AND ON BEHALF OF ANY PERSON , INCLUDING ANY MINOR, ACCOMPANYING SEASON MEMBER TO A GAME FOR WHOM SEASON MEMBER RETAINS A TICKET TO ATTEND THE GAME WITH SEASON MEMBER (EACH, AN “ACCOMPANYING PARTY”), AND THEIR RESPECTIVE RELATED PERSONS, AGREES TO (1) ASSUME ALL RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH COVID-19 AND OTHER COMMUNICABLE DISEASES, AND (2) COMPLY WITH ALL RELATED HEALTH & SAFETY POLICIES OF THE RAYS.

Season Member acknowledges and understands that, if infected with COVID-19 or other “Communicable Disease” (as that term is defined at the conclusion of this paragraph), Season Member and/or any Accompanying Party may infect others that they may subsequently come in contact with, even if they are not experiencing or displaying any symptoms of illness, and that the risk of exposure to others remains at all times. Accordingly, Season Member agrees that neither Season Member nor any Accompanying Party will attend a game if within fourteen (14) days preceding the game, they have:

tested positive or presumptively positive for COVID-19 or other Communicable Disease or been identified as a potential carrier of COVID-19 or other Communicable Disease; OR

experienced any symptoms commonly associated with COVID-19 or other Communicable Disease; OR

been in direct contact with or the immediate vicinity of any person who is confirmed or suspected of being infected with COVID-19 or other Communicable Disease.

A “Communicable Disease” as used herein is COVID-19, any strains, variants, or mutations thereof, the coronavirus that causes COVID-19, and/or any other communicable and/or infectious diseases, viruses, bacteria or illnesses or the causes thereof.

SEASON MEMBER, ON BEHALF OF SEASON MEMBER, ANY ACCOMPANYING PARTY AND THEIR RESPECTIVE RELATED PERSONS, WAIVES, RELEASES, DISCHARGES, HOLDS HARMLESS, AND COVENANTS NOT TO SUE THE “RELEASED PARTIES” (AS THAT TERM IS DEFINED HEREINAFTER) WITH RESPECT TO ANY CLAIM, LIABILITY OR DEMAND OF WHATEVER KIND OR NATURE, EITHER IN LAW OR IN EQUITY, THAT MAY ARISE IN CONNECTION WITH, OR RELATE IN ANY WAY TO, (A) USE OF THIS TICKET, (B) PRESENCE AT TROPICANA FIELD (THE “BALLPARK”) OR (C) PARTICIPATION IN THE GAME OR ANY RELATED ACTIVITIES ARRANGED, PROMOTED AND/OR SPONSORED BY ANY OF THE RELEASED PARTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THOSE CLAIMS THAT ARISE AS A RESULT OF: (1) IN WHOLE OR IN PART, THE SOLE, JOINT, OR COMPARATIVE NEGLIGENCE, OR STRICT LIABILITY, OF ANY ONE OR MORE OF THE RELEASED PARTIES, AND/OR (2) THE INHERENT RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH VISITING THE BALLPARK, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION (X) ALL CLAIMS FOR PERSONAL INJURIES, WRONGFUL DEATH OR EXPOSURE TO OR CONTRACTION OF COVID-19 OR OTHER COMMUNICABLE DISEASE BY HOLDER, ANY ACCOMPANYING PARTY OR ANY OTHER INDIVIDUAL(S) EXPOSED TO COVID-19 OR OTHER COMMUNICABLE DISEASE BY SEASON MEMBEROR ANY ACCOMPANYING PARTY; AND (Y) ALL CLAIMS IN CONNECTION WITH THE APPLICATION OF ANY HEALTH AND SAFETY PROTOCOLS TO SEASON MEMBEROR ANY ACCOMPANYING PARTY.

The acknowledgements and express assumptions of risk, waivers of claims, and releases of liability contained herein are intended to be binding and full waivers of claims and releases of liability, and interpreted to be as broad and inclusive as is permitted by law, including with respect to any controversy, claim or dispute that may arise related to exposure or contraction of COVID-19 or other Communicable Disease. If any part of these Policies and Procedures is held to be invalid or legally unenforceable for any reason, the remainder of these Policies and Procedures shall not be affected thereby and shall remain valid and fully enforceable.

For purposes of there Policies and Procedures, the term “Released Parties” shall refer collectively to the “MLB Entities” (as that term is defined hereinafter), including without limitation Rays Baseball Club, LLC, Tampa Bay Rays Baseball Ltd. and 501SG LLC, (b) the MLB Entities’ respective past, present and future licensees, sponsors, vendors and all of their successors and assigns, (c) all other Major League Baseball related entities, (d) the City of St. Petersburg, Florida, the County of Pinellas, Florida, and their respective various agencies, departments and subdivisions, (e) the Ballpark and the owners and operators thereof and all local or state governmental bodies associated with the Ballpark, (f) the ticket manufacturer and/or provider, and (g) all past, present and future affiliates, successors, assigns, players, coaches, employees, partners, members, owners, directors, officers, managers, agents, representatives and independent contractors of such entities (the parties described in subsections (a) through (g) of this paragraph being collectively referred to herein as the “Released Parties”),

For purposes of these Policies and Procedures, the term “MLB Entities” shall refer collectively to the Rays, the Office of the Commissioner of Baseball (“BOC”), Major League Baseball Properties, Inc., MLB Advanced Media, L.P., The MLB Network, LLC, each of the Major League Baseball Clubs (collectively, the “Clubs”) and each of their respective past, present and future parent, subsidiary, affiliated and related entities, any entity which, now or in the future, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with the Clubs or the BOC and the owners, general and limited partners, shareholders, directors, officers, employees and agents of the foregoing entities.

The foregoing policies and procedures attempt to cover most situations relating to Season Members at the Stadium. They do not apply to any games (home or away) played by the Rays at a location other than the Stadium. In the event any issue or matter relating to Rays Season Membership not covered, or if there is a question of interpretation of the policies and procedures or in the event of any dispute between the Rays and any Season Member, or any Season Member and a third party, the Rays reserve the right to make all final decisions and determinations and take all actions necessary, in their sole and absolute discretion, to resolve the issue or dispute. The Rays further reserve the right to modify and/or terminate any or all the foregoing policies or procedures from time to time with or without prior notice to Season Members.

In order to ensure an excellent experience for all Rays Season Members, Season Member benefits are subject to change from year to year and/or within a season.