Kansas City Royals Season Tickets are a significant investment. In order to optimize benefits offered to Season Ticket Holders and protect their accounts from unauthorized changes and activities, the Kansas City Royals have established the following policies.

Season Tickets are revocable licenses associated with a particular baseball season. All Tickets are revocable at any time at the sole discretion of the Royals with or without cause.

Purchasing Season Tickets does not include any right to any opportunity to renew for subsequent seasons or with respect to preseason or postseason games. Purchaser neither has a reasonable expectation to renew nor any right or privilege to renew their ticket package for any subsequent season. The Royals reserve the right, in its sole discretion, to provide Purchaser the opportunity to purchase tickets for any subsequent season pursuant to such terms and conditions as the Royals determine, or to decline to provide such opportunity to purchase any such tickets at any point and for any reason whatsoever or no reason, or to rescind any such ticket purchase opportunity prior to delivery by the Royals to Purchaser of written notice that an agreement to purchase tickets has been consummated, or to change the seat location previously assigned to Purchaser by providing a new ticket purchase opportunity in a new seat location. Once a payment has been made on Season Tickets, the Purchaser is not eligible for a refund on those payment funds.

For avoidance of doubt, Season Tickets apply to Major League Baseball regular season home games of the Royals at Kauffman Stadium only and does not include any right to purchase or otherwise obtain postseason tickets for any postseason games. The Royals may elect to extend to Purchaser the opportunity to purchase postseason tickets (for regular season seats) and may do so under such terms as the Royals determine in its sole discretion. If the Royals extend such opportunity to Purchaser, postseason tickets must be purchased for all postseason rounds offered by the Royals to Purchaser (unless otherwise stated by the Royals); otherwise, all offered and remaining games (both those being offered and any subsequent round or series) will be released for public sale or otherwise allocated by the Royals. All credits for postseason games that are paid for but not played will be applied to amounts due to the Royals from Purchaser pursuant to a renewal invoice or be refunded to Purchaser.

Allocation of seats for all purchases are made from, and are subject to, available seat locations as determined by the Royals, in its sole discretion, at the time of purchase of the applicable Tickets. The Royals may change the seat location previously assigned to Purchaser by providing a new seat location that is similar to the location of the Tickets to the extent applicable laws, regulations and guidelines require the Royals to limit attendance or require minimum distancing for seating. If the Royals are not able to relocate Purchaser to a location that is similar to the location of the Tickets, then the Royals will provide Purchaser with a credit equal to the amount paid by Purchaser for Tickets to games that the Royals are unable to provide a similar alternate location for, and Purchaser may use such credit to purchase tickets to any Royals regular season home game at Kauffman Stadium during the impacted season, subject to availability.

For any cancelled games that are not replaced or rescheduled, account holders will receive an account credit or a refund equal to the paid value of the relevant tickets and parking. Account credits can be applied to future season, group, and single ticket purchases through the immediately following season. Account holders will receive an email of any cancellation announcement with further instructions to confirm the selected action.

A Season Ticket Account may be established in two ways: as a personal account (in the name of an individual or married couple) or as a business account (in the name of a company or organization).

Individual Account (1) Adam Smith* 1 Royal Way Kansas City, MO 64129

Individual Account (2) Adam Smith* The ABC Company Kansas City, MO 64129

Individual Account (3) - Married Couple Adam Smith* Kelly Smith* 1 Royal Way Kansas City MO, 64129

Business Account The ABC Company* Adam Smith 1 Royal Way Kansas City, MO 64129

In the examples above, the Kansas City Royals will recognize those names followed by an asterisk ( * ) as Season Ticket Holder of Record. Any other name listed on the account is irrelevant for purposes of determining account title. The addresses also are irrelevant as indicators of account title. In the Business Account example the name followed by an asterisk (*) would be considered the ‘Authorized Agent’. The authorized agent may conduct business on behalf of the business Season Ticket Holder. The Kansas City Royals have sole discretion in determining the Season Ticket Holder of Record on each account.

The Season Ticket Holder or agent of record may name others to the account by making the request in person, e-mail or mail. The others named on the account are referred to as Season Ticket ‘Partners’. The Account Holder of Record must also provide a mailing address, phone number and e-mail for each Partner. Partners on a Season Ticket Account are implicitly authorized by the Season Ticket Holder or agent of record to conduct the following business on the account: pick up tickets or other items that have been ordered by the customer/agent of record on the account, obtain replacement seat tickets and exchange future game or unused season tickets (based on established exchange policies). Season Ticket Holder ‘Partners’ may from time to time be offered special privileges such as invitations to special Season Ticket Holder events or Season Ticket Account ‘Partner’ pre-sales. No other access to the account will be granted by the Kansas City Royals, nor is it implied. Making payments to a Season Ticket Account that has been established in the name of another individual or entity is done so as a private arrangement between private parties, and does not establish any rights or benefits of a Season Ticket Holder on behalf of the payer. The Royals neither condone nor prohibit such private arrangements, but would strongly encourage any party willing to pay for the season tickets of a Season Ticket Holder to establish their own Season Ticket Account to begin to accrue the benefits associated with being a Season Ticket Holder.

Full Season Ticket Accounts may list up to four (4) Season Ticket Account ‘Partners’.

Half Season Ticket Accounts may list up to two (2) Season Ticket Account ‘Partners’.

21-Game Plan Season Ticket Accounts may list one (1) Season Ticket Account ‘Partner’

Each Season Ticket Account Partner must have an up-to-date and valid mailing address, phone number and e-mail address to be considered a valid ‘Partner’. Season Ticket Partners will be assigned a Partner Longevity based on the year they are established as a Partner on the Season Ticket Account by the Season Ticket Account Holder of Record. The Partner Longevity will be used to determine eligibility to take over as a Season Ticket Holder of Record and/or a seating location should the Partner decided to establish their own independent Season Ticket Account, based on the policies set forth by the Kansas City Royals.

Once established, the license associated with a season ticket account may only be transferred in the following ways:

Personal Season Ticket Accounts:

The Kansas City Royals will honor requests to change the Season Ticket Holder of Record on a Season Ticket Account to immediate family members (i.e. spouse, child, sibling, or parent) only. When the Season Ticket Holder of Record is changed to an immediately family member’s name the Season Ticket Account Longevity will remain intact. The Account Holder of Record may request the change in person, via e-mail or by mail. The Royals may request documentation of the relationship prior to executing the change.

The Kansas City Royals will honor requests to change the Season Ticket Holder of Record on a Season Ticket Account to immediate family members (i.e. spouse, child, sibling, or parent) only. When the Season Ticket Holder of Record is changed to an immediately family member’s name the Season Ticket Account Longevity will remain intact. The Account Holder of Record may request the change in person, via e-mail or by mail. The Royals may request documentation of the relationship prior to executing the change.

The Kansas City Royals will also honor requests to change the Season Ticket Holder of Record on a Season Ticket Account to a Season Ticket Partner and retain the season seat plan and location if the Partner meets the following qualifications: The Partner must be listed on the Season Ticket Account for a minimum of three (3) years. The Partner’s contact information is up-to-date and valid at the time of the request. When a Partner is transferred to a Season Ticket Holder of Record the Season Ticket Account will be assigned new longevity based on the longevity assigned to the Season Ticket Partner.

The Kansas City Royals will also honor requests to change the Season Ticket Holder of Record on a Season Ticket Account to a Season Ticket Partner and retain the season seat plan and location if the Partner meets the following qualifications:

The Partner must be listed on the Season Ticket Account for a minimum of three (3) years.

The Partner must be listed on the Season Ticket Account for a minimum of three (3) years.

The Partner’s contact information is up-to-date and valid at the time of the request.

The Partner’s contact information is up-to-date and valid at the time of the request.

When a Partner is transferred to a Season Ticket Holder of Record the Season Ticket Account will be assigned new longevity based on the longevity assigned to the Season Ticket Partner.

When a Partner is transferred to a Season Ticket Holder of Record the Season Ticket Account will be assigned new longevity based on the longevity assigned to the Season Ticket Partner.

In the case of a divorce where the Account was held jointly, the Royals may award the seats to the ex-spouse who is awarded the Season Ticket Account in a divorce settlement. An exact copy of final and legal divorce papers must be presented to the ticket office before the account is transferred to the ex-spouse whose name appears second on the Account. The Royals have no obligation whatsoever to the ex-spouse who does not retain the seats. Longevity earned on the Account will remain intact.

In the case of a divorce where the Account was held jointly, the Royals may award the seats to the ex-spouse who is awarded the Season Ticket Account in a divorce settlement. An exact copy of final and legal divorce papers must be presented to the ticket office before the account is transferred to the ex-spouse whose name appears second on the Account. The Royals have no obligation whatsoever to the ex-spouse who does not retain the seats. Longevity earned on the Account will remain intact.

In the case of the death of a spouse whether the Season Ticket Account was held jointly or not, the Season Ticket Account will be changed to the name of the surviving spouse at their request. Longevity earned on the account will remain intact.

In the case of the death of a spouse whether the Season Ticket Account was held jointly or not, the Season Ticket Account will be changed to the name of the surviving spouse at their request. Longevity earned on the account will remain intact.

In the case of the death of a Season Ticket Holder of Record a surviving spouse will be given the first option to retain the Season Ticket Account. Should the spouse forego the opportunity, the Season Ticket ‘Partner(s)’ listed on the Account will be given the opportunity to take over as the Account Holder of Record. Priority will be given to the Season Ticket ‘Partner’ will the greatest longevity.

In the case of the death of a Season Ticket Holder of Record a surviving spouse will be given the first option to retain the Season Ticket Account. Should the spouse forego the opportunity, the Season Ticket ‘Partner(s)’ listed on the Account will be given the opportunity to take over as the Account Holder of Record. Priority will be given to the Season Ticket ‘Partner’ will the greatest longevity.

PLEASE NOTE: Royals Season Tickets are not the property of the Season Ticket Holder of Record so cannot be treated as such in a will, trust or other property transfer method.

Business/Organization Accounts:

The Kansas City Royals will honor requests to change the Agent of Record for Season Ticket Accounts in the name of a business/organization when the request is made in writing on company/organization letterhead, or via e-mail from an authorized officer of that company/organization from the company/organization’s e-mail address.

Season seats are not the property of the business/organization, so a business/organization does not have the right to include them as such in the sale, transfer or acquisition of the company. However the Royals will consider a request to change the Season Ticket Holder of Record for a business/organization in the event of a sale, acquisition, merger or transfer should an officer of the new company/organization make the request on letterhead, or via e-mail from an authorized officer from the company/organization’s e-mail address.

The Royals will not transfer the seats to another company or an individual in the company except as outlined above.

Should the Royals agree to transfer the name of a Season Ticket Account listed under a business/organization the account longevity will remain intact.

If a business Season Ticket Holder of Record changes its name solely for marketing or image reasons, but for all intents and purposes is the same company, the ticket office must be provided with documents that clearly demonstrate that this is case. The Kansas City Royals have sole discretion in deciding whether the name will be changed or the account will be closed.

All tickets, including Season Tickets, are licenses sold to fans by the Kansas City Royals for the sole purpose of viewing the game for which the ticket is valid. Season Tickets are not owned by any purchaser, but are the sole property of the Kansas City Royals. The purchaser cannot transfer by any method season seats, benefits, rights or responsibilities to anyone else except as indicated in this document. The Royals reserve the right to refuse to conduct business related to the Season Account with anyone other than the Season Ticket Account Holder(s) of Record or authorized agent of record. The Kansas City Royals reserve the right to change, add to or discontinue any of its policies, procedures, benefits or privileges, including the renewal of season seats at any time by notifying the Season Ticket Holder of Record at the mailing or electronic mail address of record. The Royals reserve the right to cancel a Season Ticket Account or withhold an offer of Season Ticket renewal for any reason, including non-compliance with policies set forth by the Kansas City Royals or objectionable deportment of the Season Ticket Holder of Record or his/her guests. In the event the Royals revoke tickets or cancel a Season Ticket Account, a refund check will be issued to the Season Ticket Holder of Record for the paid value of unused season tickets (for un-played games) that are returned to the Royals. The Kansas City Royals have sole discretion in determining the Season Ticket Holder of Record and longevity on each account.

The use of a Ticket is subject to the Terms & Conditions Applicable to Stadium Entry.

Any tickets purchased by an unauthorized ticket broker or reseller (or anyone who represents an unauthorized ticket broker or reseller) are subject to cancellation by the Royals at any time, even after resale.

Royals Season Ticket Member Information

For additional information regarding Season Ticket Member benefits and services please visit royals.com/stm or contact the Royals Membership Services team at (816) 504-4040 (option 3) or seasonticketmember@royals.com .