Invoices for the 2027 season are now live! Log into your White Sox Account Manager page to view your invoice details and sign up for one of our four payment options. If you have further questions regarding 2027 Renewals, please contact your Client Service Representative.

The deadline to renew your season ticket plan is Monday, August 3, 2026.

Any accounts who were registered for the 10 month auto-renewal payment plan for the 2026 season will be automatically renewed for the 2027 season. No action is required at this time.

If you do not want to renew your plan for the 2027 season and do not want to be automatically charged, you are required to fill out an opt-out survey below. Further information can be found here:

Important Auto-Renewal Program dates:

July 1, 2026: Opt-out period begins for the 2027 season

July 31, 2026: Deadline to opt-out of auto-renewal and your 2027 ticket plan

August 3, 2026: First automatic payment for ticket holders on auto-renewal

10 Month Auto-Renewal Opt-Out Information

The window to opt-out of your 2027 ticket plan was July 1, 2026, to July 31, 2026 . By opting out of your ticket plan, you will be forfeiting your current seating location and seniority as a season ticket holder.

The auto-renewal opt-out deadline has passed.

10% equal, interest-free installments charged on the respective dates below:

20% equal, interest-free installments charged on the respective dates below:

50% equal, interest-free installments charged on the respective dates below:

100% payment charged on or before August 3, 2026.

Dedicated Client Service Executive

In addition to the benefits above, White Sox Season Ticket Holders also can get access to these great extras! Please contact your Client Service Executive for more information.

White Sox Season Ticket Holders can take advantage of discounted parking costs by purchasing a Season Ticket parking membership. The cost breakdown of parking is equivalent to $18 for Monday – Saturday games and $15 for Sunday games.

The price of your parking plan is dependent upon your current ticket package.

20-Game Weekend A/Weekend B Plan – $342

20-Game Weekday/Value Plan – $360

Please contact your Client Service Representative for more information.

If you are unable to attend game in your plan, or if you’d like to add on tickets to a game you already have, you can utilize our Season Ticket Holder exchange program. All exchanges can be completed on the White Sox Account Manager.

Tickets, parking, and Stadium Club passes within your plan can be exchanged up until 24 hours prior to first pitch of the game you are exchanging out of.

Exchanges can only be done prior to a game has been played.

A cost difference may apply depending on the price tier of the game. Similarly, if you are downgrading in price tier, you will receive the difference in the form of a credit on your account. Credits will be reflected within 2-3 business days.

If you are currently on a payment plan and are looking to exchange out of a game that currently has not been paid, you will be required to pay in full for the new date. This will decrease the amount owed on your payment plan.

The amount of exchanges is determined by your plan size: Full Season = 20 40-Game Plan = 10 20-Game Plan = 5

You can exchange into Opening Day but are unable to exchange out of Opening Day.

The below actions can take place on your computer or smartphone .

Go to am.ticketmaster.com/whitesox using your web browser app

Log in to your White Sox Account Manager

Select the event you would like to manage

Click Exchange and select the seats you would like to exchange out of

Select the game you would like to exchange into from the available list. PLEASE NOTE: a price difference may apply depending on the game you are selecting.

Choose your new seats from the available seat map by clicking on the seat listed

Proceed to your Cart and finalize the checkout process

As a Season Ticket Holder, you can donate your tickets to a charitable partner of the Chicago White Sox. To do so, you must utilize the White Sox Account Manager . Once you complete the donation process, you cannot recall your tickets. All donations are final. You cannot donate your tickets within 72 hours of the game.

The below actions can take place on your computer or smartphone .

Go to am.ticketmaster.com/whitesox using your web browser app

Log in to your White Sox Account Manager

Select the event you would like to manage

Click the “…" and select Donate

Check all tickets you would like to donate and click Continue

Select Vet Tix from the ‘Select your charity’ drop down menu

Click Confirm on the pop up to finalize your donation